product/productId: B0001VVGLU
product/title: Vitex Chaste Berry Extract 225 mg By Solaray - 60 Capsules
product/price: 10.19
review/userId: A22GN9ZQJ6MHL5
review/profileName: JustJane
review/helpfulness: 6/7
review/score: 5.0
review/time: 1333843200
review/summary: Absolutely Awesome!!!
review/text: This is the most awesome product ever! I used to have regular periods till I hit my late 20's, then my system started going crazy. I'd miss a period then get one the following month. Then I went for 3 months without...hence a trip to the dr and left with a prescription for Provera. I started researching Provera and only found bad stuff about it being synthetic... my search lead me to Vitex, and since its natural, I thought it's worth a try. I took one pill a day and the following month my period was right on schedule...and each month since!! I think it works wonderfully.Before writing this review, I read the others and noticed one lady writing about the decreased migraines. I used to suffer from migraines at least once a week, and they were bad & horrible. Bad enough to make a trip to the ER sometimes, as I was sure something much more was wrong...they were that intense! I noticed in the last past few months that I've had less migraines and they were less intense, some that I could skip taking a pill. Upon reading the other ladies reviews, I'm now confident it was Vitex regularing out the hormones that were causing the migraines. I too found that I'm less irritable and moody.I want to call Vitex the magic "lady fix".

fix", regularing, "lady, crazy, thought, bad, horrible, day, stuff, miss, week, awesome, noticed, regular, irritable, started, wrong, migraines, skip, make, pill, periods, months, month, read, reading, writing, period, moody, prescription, worth, late, Bad, hormones, left, schedule, intense, hit, taking, suffer, trip, decreased, call, past, magic, found, natural, researching, till, lady, causing, wonderfully, ladies, confident, works, ER, lead, product, synthetic, search, dr, system, Provera, &, Vitex, 
fix", regularing, "lady, crazy, thought, bad, horrible, day, stuff, miss, week, awesome, noticed, regular, irritable, started, wrong, migraines, skip, make, pill, periods, months, month, read, reading, writing, period, moody, prescription, worth, late, Bad, hormones, left, schedule, intense, hit, taking, suffer, trip, decreased, call, past, magic, found, natural, researching, till, lady, causing, wonderfully, ladies, confident, works, ER, lead, product, synthetic, search, dr, system, Provera, &, Vitex, 