product/productId: B0001VVGLU
product/title: Vitex Chaste Berry Extract 225 mg By Solaray - 60 Capsules
product/price: 10.19
review/userId: AK2X6YZFCU9AF
review/profileName: Margo J. Driver
review/helpfulness: 3/3
review/score: 5.0
review/time: 1357948800
review/summary: Great for lowering high testosterone levels caused by PCOS
review/text: When I found this product for my daughter, she was 20 years old and just diagnosed with PCOS. She had moderate beard growth, very overweight, and extremely painful periods. After having a CAT scan done that diagnosed PCOS (they found cysts on her ovaries) and a blood test that showed an extremely high testosterone level (way above the normal range), I was quite alarmed when the doctor told us that he wanted to put her on Yaz birth control pills and spironolactone, a potassium-sparing diuretic (it acts as an anti-androgen, but then you have to monitor your potassium intake). I didn't want my daughter on these powerful drugs that both can have dangerous side effects (strokes for Yaz, cancer for spironolactone). So I decided to research a natural supplement that she could try first before resorting to the prescription medications. I found Vitex Chaste Berry Extract, and I started giving my daughter two capsules per day. There have been no side effects from taking this product. My daughter went back to the endocrinologist 6 months later for another blood test. I admitted to the doctor that my daughter had not taken the meds he had prescribed - that we had tried her on Vitex for the past 6 months. I promised him that if the blood test showed no improvement in her testosterone level, we would start her on the meds. Lo and behold, when the results of the blood test came back, my daughter's testosterone level was reduced to one-half of the previous level--and it is back in the middle of the normal range!! I was thrilled! This is a great product, and I highly recommend it for lowering testosterone levels in a female.

medications, pills, spironolactone, meds, drugs, prescribed, prescription, normal, testosterone, diuretic, levels, doctor, androgen, potassium, blood, diagnosed, intake, supplement, cancer, wanted, effects, reduced, cysts, ovaries, overweight, test, level, found, lowering, moderate, back, capsules, birth, PCOS, painful, dangerous, periods, months, didn, showed, extremely, recommend, half, admitted, day, endocrinologist, 
medications, pills, spironolactone, meds, drugs, prescribed, prescription, normal, testosterone, diuretic, levels, doctor, androgen, potassium, blood, diagnosed, intake, supplement, cancer, wanted, effects, reduced, cysts, ovaries, overweight, test, level, found, lowering, moderate, back, capsules, birth, PCOS, painful, dangerous, periods, months, didn, showed, extremely, recommend, half, admitted, day, endocrinologist, 