review/text: I have never been this impressed with a supplement before. Source Naturals Wellness Formula can be taken year round for general wellness but most take it during the cold and flu season. I took a chance on this after reading every single review I could find on it both on Amazon.com and elsewhere and I am so happy that I did. Both my wife and I swear by this stuff and since we started taking it roughly two years ago neither one of us have been sick with a cold or the flu. We have three kids and they are always bringing home "bugs" from school. On top of that my wife is an R.N. and she is around sick people all day. With Source Naturals Wellness Formula we worry less about getting sick. Is it possible to get the flu or a cold while taking this? I imagine so but we have yet to get sick since taking this product.They recommend that you take 2-4 capsules for general wellness every day during the cold/flu season. Once you feel like you have a cold or the flu coming on they recommend that you take 6 capsules twice a day...so a total of 12 capsules. The capsules are better than the tablets as we have tried both. The tablets you have to take less of but the smell is worse than the capsules. To be fair neither smell great so get them down quickly with a big glass of water and you will forget the smell. Yes, they don't smell great but look closely at the ingredient list and the smell will make complete sense. The bottom line is I would rather take these then deal with a cold or the flu. The bottom line is do they work? I am positive they work to prevent colds and the flu based on two years of my wife and I taking this product. Do they help if you have the flu or a cold? Don't know because we have not been sick since we took the general wellness dosing they recommend of 2-4 capsules...we go with two capsules a day.The quality of this product is very high. Review the ingredient list and you can review this for yourself. Many of the ingredients would cost you more than a whole bottle of Wellness Forumula if you bought them separately. Some of the ingredients include: Metabolic C (best type of vitamin c), garlic, elderberry extract, Echinacea, Vitamin D-3, Zinc, Propolis and more. This product really is a bargain at the price listed on Amazon.com taking into consideration the large number of capsules and the overall quality of the product.Source Naturals Wellness Formula also has won the Vity Awards year after year as the #1 immune support formula which means nothing to me but is quite an honor if you are in the supplement business.Again, bottom line is these work and work VERY WELL indeed. The price is a value! In our opinion the capsules are better than the tablet form of this product. The capsules are easier to take compared to the tablets which are HUGE and tend to get stuck on the way down when you take them.  