review/text: I fancy myself a bit of an inventor, scientist and pioneer. But I'm also a firearms enthusiast. So I purchased these batteries on the cheap, in preparation for the impending collapse of civilization, and got so many of them that I wasn't sure I could use them before they expired (assuming this darn society continues to function.) So I was musing about in my garage, trying to figure out alternative uses for them, when I realized that these batteries fit perfectly, single stacked inside a standard M16\M4 rifle magazine. I couldn't help but think of Star Wars style blaster rifles, and set to work on one of my M4s. I replaced the firing pin assembly inside the bolt with a tiny spark plug from a weed eater, and set about coating the inside of the barrel with a non-conductive polymer. I placed a powerful capacitor in the back of the bolt, and an 18v 3Ah lithium battery inside the recoil spring in the butt stock.The principle was simple. When the bolt was to the rear, the lithium battery would charge the capacitor in the rear of the bolt. When the bolt was released forward, it would chamber a AA Energizer battery. When the trigger was pulled, the spark plug, connected to the capacitor, would move forward and discharge the capacitor into the AA battery, causing it to overload the internals of the AA battery and discharge a 2850mAh energy bolt down the non-conductive barrel, producing enough energy to stun or kill a man.Unfortunately I failed to account for the much smaller diameter of a 5.56 cartridge compared to that of the AA battery when it came to the chamber of the weapon. As a result, when I attempted to test fire the weapon, the battery jammed into the breach, and when the spark plug hit the battery, it DID overload. However because the battery wasn't confined in the chamber, the internal overload was totally uncontained, resulting in the battery casing rupturing and spraying acid out through the open ejection port. This was one of many times I regretted being a left handed shooter. I've recovered most of my vision in my left eye, and my mom says the scars are flattering.I still have about 70 leftover batteries, so I'll continue working with them. They certainly are powerful.  