review/text: Well I was lucky enough to be able to try this product out side by side with just the V2 supporter and a maternity back/hip brace. I'll start by saying I picked this one. Here are my pros/cons.Prenatal Cradle Plus:Cons:*Not adjustable. I just don't get this. This is the main reason why I gave it four stars. It fits me, but I would like to be able to adjust the waist part to give more back support than it does. It would be "nice" to adjust the shoulder straps, but that is minor compared to the waist belt.*A little chaffing at times in the bum region. But, to be fair the standard V2 supporter is as well. I solved this by purchasing some men's boxer breif underwear. I figure between the brace, the varicosities and all those other pregnancy "uglies"...why not?!?! It solved that problem!*If you don't adjust the V2 part right you can get some wedgies. Just make sure to take the time adjust it properly after a bathroom break - which we all know are frequent!!*Straps do show with some tops, but again it is an easy fix. I didn't have any safety pins so I used some paper clips and they worked just fine!*The "rip" noise of the Velcro in the ladies room is a tad bit embarrassing, but I rather deal with that than the pain any day!!Pros:*Light weight and not much material. I am going to be the most pregnant during the summer. If I have to wear something everyday all day, I need it to be as comfortable and light as possible, and this totally fit the bill. It really is comfortable overall considering it looks like an awful contraption. I don't notice it for the most part*Totally makes the pain of the varicosities go away!! The minute I take it off at night to get into bed, those few moments walking from one room to the bedroom I can feel the soreness. When it is on, I have no pain!!*I could barely walk due to back and groin pain before I got this. After one week of wearing it, my back feels SO much better and the groin pain is almost gone. Coincidence? Not sure... but I am happy I am feeling a lot better!*You don't really notice it under clothes. I do have a slight "bulge" around my waist (big hips then small and then big again), but it is minor. I am sure I am the only one noticing it unless someone is really staring...and let um!*Can wear it from when I wake up until I go to bed without feeling the need to rip it off.Back Brace and V2 Supporter:Pros:*Way more support on my back*No Velcro ripping noise*V2 supporter just pulls down like underwearCons:*Bulky, hot, annoying and rides up constantly*Takes me forever to readjust everything after my many bathroom breaks*Felt the need to rip it off before the day was up  