review/text: I'm a 3rd year dental student and I got this for clinical patient education because it is autoclavable (meaning it can be sterilized). This way I can get patients to actually try it and not just lecture them innefectually saying "You need to floss more, and btw, they make these floss handles that are near impossible to find in any drugstores...go find it"Build Quality: Feels very solid. I will report once I have sent one through the autoclave 20 or so time because a lot of plastic materials degrade with each sterilization cycle.Floss Tension: Very good but it does vary depending on the type of floss. Standard mint waxed floss (eg J&J;) and the Glide tape that has the tacky mint coating stay very taught because I think the wax or coating helps it bind under the circle. Oral B "Satin" floss needed an extra turn to stay tight. I found that I could do about one quadrant before the floss seemed about to shred. It was not a loss of tension which necessitated "refreshing" of the floss. Also, the official recommendation is that you move the floss for each tooth so you aren't passing stuff from tooth to tooth. I realize that this is very time consuming and may be beyond most people's practical threshold..I'll leave that for each individual to balance for themselves. Convenience vs. ideal conditions.While floss tension is what is needed to have control going through the tight contact between teeth, once through, it's actually results in less effective flossing vs traditional two handed technique. Ideally, we want to wrap and adapt the floss around each tooth so that the floss can slide up and down a larger area of the tooth (getting the corners). The tighter (straighter) the floss, the less you can do this, so this device has an inherent threshold for its effectiveness. You can't get the "corners" of the teeth without impinging on the pailla (triangles of tissue between the teeth). If the teeth are crowded or rotated, the floss tension is a double edged sword as well.For what it is, it is a great product. I wish they made a larger handle for elderly patients or for me, since modern ergonomics seem to point toward larger grips being better on the hands long term. At least that's what they tell us.  