review/text: I don't have much hair left on my cranium, so I decided a while ago to make like Yul Brynner and shave my head.Having been a long-term blade user, at first I tried shaving in the shower using new generation blades (e.g., Quattro, Mach 3, Fusion Power), shaving cream or gel, and a mirror. This approach works great for my face, but not so well on my head. After cutting myself on both ears on my first attempt, I settled down to this mediocre solution for a few weeks.The blade cartridge would pop off from the handle frequently as I shaved. Thinking myself clever and having had enough of picking up cartridges from the shower floor, I tried using cheap disposable razors next. Look, ma, no cartridge to come off. Well, on my first attempt to shave my head with a disposable I sliced off a tiny sliver of skin from the top of my noggin. Ouch! That's what I get for trying to use razors in an area for which they were not designed. The disposables are even more dangerous on the scalp than on the face. Seriously.A few days ago I bought the Norelco 7616X because I figured the rotary blade design would provide a safer, effective solution for my scalp. This time I figured correctly. I have been using the 7616X for the past four days and am very happy with the job that it does on my head. I shave dry with it and can get pretty close without any nicks, burns or cuts. Excellent!I wish I could say the same of the job the shaver does on my face. So far not good, but it is getting a little better. The shave was not close at all on the first two days and I got plenty of irritation. I'm doing a little better now, having adjusted my expectations of how close a shave I can get. The irritation is not as bad lately, I suppose due to an improvement in my technique and my use of after shave gel.UPDATE 21 DAYS LATER: After using the shaver for the 21-day adjustment period, I'm happy to report that my face is used to the shaver. There is much less irritation now. I started using a pre-shave today and it did get a closer shave. While an electric does not give as close a shave as a blade, it does shave close enough so that one can be presentable in any social or business setting.  