review/text: I have had a beard since I was 19. I have a skin condition and shaving breaks me out something terrible. Also I hate shaving, it's not natural for a man to scrap off all his facial hair on a regular basis. Thus many years ago I recieved as a gift a Remington beard trimmer. I loved it right out of the box.Beard trimmers have to be the best invention of the 20th/21st century. Now a man can have a beard but keep it tight. Thanks to beard trimmers most men now in America sport some sort of facial hair.My first Remington performed great, was built of a sturdy composit material and stayed relatively sharp. My biggest complaint with it was after about 3 years, the battery life died on it. It would not hold a charge. I would charge it for 3 hours and if I was lucky it may last 20 minutes.Thus I ordered myself the Remington MB-200 Titanium Mustache and Beard Trimmer off Amazon and can say so far I have no real complaints.The design of this newer model is almost exactly the same to my old one. So if you are a die hard Remington fan you will not have to go through any re-ajusting.It cuts good, the blades are sharp and lubricated well. NOTE, never run water under the shaver head to clean it, this washes away the lubricent. This model has the same beard height "wheel" you turn with your knumb to ajust cutting height.The battery life is great so far. I probably could trim my beard charging only every other time if I wanted too. The old shaver I had used Nichol-Cadium batteries. I am not sure if the newer model uses this outdated type or if they have switched to lithium. Either way, know that overcharging your shaver which I am prone to do at times, damages batteries. That may have been why my older model died on me.My only other complaint is the plastic on this new model feels a little bit "cheap". I get the feeling that if I dropped it, (like I did with my old model never resulting in breakage), this new model would break. So I guess I'll need to be careful and not drop it.---To buy or not to buy?---This is a solid buy, if the price it right. I only paid around 14.99 for mine off Amazon. They're going for more right now. Wait around for a price reduction and I am sure you can get this great trimmer for a great price.---Final thought---If you are looking for a good way to clean out the trimmer head when it gets clogged with hair, pop up the top and go outside and blast it with a few shots of canned compressed air. Best way I've found to clean it, that little brush they give you just doesn't cut it sometimes.Well good luck and remember a well grommed man is a successful man.And as always sorry for any misspellings and grammer errors. I went to public school, where my principal looked like Grizzly Adams and my teachers would reminisce out loud about the old days, when they could have beaten us when we were bad.  