review/text: I started getting dry eyes like 4-5 months ago. I have no idea why I started getting them but I only get them when I first wake up. They can get pretty bad at times, to the point where it burns when I open my eyes. I had been using Visine and it just didn't work well at all. It did give temporary relief but it didn't last long and it burned pretty bad when first applying it. Thankfully this is just another case of mother knows best as my mom had been using Similasan Dry Eye Relief for years and even had a couple spare bottles for me to try out.Anyways I tested it out that very next morning and the difference was literally stunning. Not only did it not sting when first applying it, it also had an immediate effect that lasted FAR FAR longer than the Visine. On the really bad mornings I might have to put a couple more drops in an hour or so later but that is only for the really bad mornings. Most of the time a single application of Similasan will do the trick. It is also far more soothing than the Visine. My eyes actually feel good after I apply the Dry Eye relief and that just wasn't the case with the Visine.My mom purchases this from a local health store and she was paying 16.00 a bottle. I figured I would look on Amazon and sure enough they carry practically the entire Similasan line of products including the Dry Eye Relief. It was also considerably cheaper as I can now get 3 bottles for quite a bit less than it would cost to get 2 bottles at our local health shop. I believe in supporting local businesses but only if they have decent prices. In this particular case were talking about almost 8.00 more per bottle if I buy it locally. Amazon comes through once again!The bottom line - Dry eyes can be extremely bothersome and at times very painful. I had an ex-girlfriend that suffered from this problem and I just never realized how serious it was until I started having the problem myself. Its just awful and from what I have read, its the most common eye ailment in the US. Thankfully there are products out there like Similasan Dry Eye Relief that make this problem a thousand times more bearable. If you suffer from dry eyes then you owe it to yourself to try it out especially if your currently using products like Visine. Its just a world of difference.I for one will never use anything else ever again!5 Stars!  