review/text: This is the best Protein powder you can get, no doubt and let me explain you why.If you want a good tasting thing and that is your first priority then get one of those Wendy's or McDonalds's shakes. I mean, is that simple. Don't be so picky about the taste when you are consuming a Protein Shake. The industry has advanced a lot over the years and the powders get better and better with the time, so stop whining.Now, if you still are into that taste and everything else comes second, then look for another product that has more saturated fat, more sugar, more simple carbs, less protein per scoop (less than the impressive .79 oz of Protein per oz of powder, a whooping 79%) and that is not 100% whey.Don't get me wrong, I still think this powder tastes great, it's just not THE best taste out there (but who knows, maybe for you it is) but the benefits beat that. I have tried the double rich chocolate, the vanilla flavor, the strawberry flavor and the cookies and cream. They all taste good to me, especially if you know how to prepare them.The amount of calories very slightly from flavor to flavor (no more than 10 calories per scoop) but let's take for example, the double rich chocolate.1 scoop has 120 calories, 10 from fat, a minimum amount of carbs and 24 grams of Whey protein. In case you don't know, Whey protein is the most respected type of protein there is (with the white egg protein) since your body uses it entirely, unlike other types of protein that may become body fat if there's not enough physical activity.The price is incredible too. Whether you are a weight lifter, body builder, somebody that wants to grow muscles or maybe somebody on a diet to eliminate that belly, you know how expensive food can be during the month. A Shake after workout there, a bar over there, whole wheat bread, fruits, etc. If spending extra money doesn't affect that's fine but if you sometimes have to take care of your personal budget then the price gives you another reason to choose 100% Whey.I don't think there's a lot more to say here. This is the best selling powder and for good reasons.And if you really need a good taste, then here are some recipes.Prepare these in a blender, it's the best way.1)Cut a banana in pieces and put them at the bottom.2)Ice cubes, like 8-12 depending on the size.3)2 scoops of double rich chocolate.4)Milk. I prefer Soy Milk. It has some good fats and is better. 12 oz are more than ok.Shake it until its ok. I'm not gonna confuse you saying "30 seconds" because some blenders do in 5 seconds what others do in like almost a minute.Protein: 60-65 grams (almost 50 coming from the powder and more than 10 from the milk)Calories: About 500 (The soy milk I drink has 100 calories per each 8oz glass, again look at the nutrition facts of your milk)Calories from fat: About 60 (Half of them coming from good fats due to the soy milk).Instead of the banana you can try rasberries too.The cookies and cream recipe works the same as the chocolate recipe, plus the calories are the same. If you want a good strawberry shake do the same thing replacing the bananas with strawberries. Like 10 strawberries will be fine. It will have less calories since strawberries have less calories than the banana. Make sure the fruit is at the bottom, then you put the ice and after that you put the protein and the milk is at the end.Enjoy.  