review/text: Because they're not worth the money.First of all, to clear away any confusion, the #178 is the same razor as the 34c and the HD Classic/Hefty Classic. Like many people I did a lot of research before deciding to upgrade to using a double edged (DE) safety razor. I've used every single type of mass-market plastic razor, from single blade to five blade, none of them remotely compares to the Merkur in terms of functionality, aesthetics, or price. Many people who use DE razors buy shaving brushes and various products, which tend to intimidate people due to the time, expense, and technique necessary to use them. These products aren't necessary, but they do add significantly to the pleasure of shaving. Just like with cheap plastic razors, I usually lather with plain soap in the shower and shave quickly. You do not press down when you shave, you let the razor glide across your skin while slightly changing the angle you hold it. This allows you to race across your face with practice. I can also shave without fear of irritation or ingrown hairs, allowing me to do the unthinkable: shave with the grain, across the grain, and against the grain, resulting in the smoothest shave of my life.By switching I have lost the terrible, scarring ingrown hairs, the patchy rough spots, the excessive expense of buying replacement cartridges, and instead gained smooth skin, a high quality piece of machined and chromed metal, and shaving has gone from daily chore to a great pleasure. Note: you will have to get to know your face, you will have to unlearn the bad habits gained from disposable razors, you may shed a few drops of blood, but in the end you will change your life for the better.If I haven't convinced you to pay the upfront cost of getting this razor and a pack of 100 blades, I recommend buying an old Gillette Super Speed or Tech razor from an online auction or a Feather Portable razor, along with a blade sample pack from an online retailer. You might also want to consider the Muhle R89/Edwin Jagger DE89-they're a little more refined, less aggressive, and more expensive. Make the switch!  