review/text: This latest version of Freeze-Framer is an excellent tool for the home user to practice relaxation and learn to synchronize the two branches of the autonomic nervous system. In HearthMath terms this state is called high coherence and represents a heart rate variability pattern where the sympathetic (excitatory) and parasympathetic (calming) parts of the autonomic nervous system are in balance. In more simple terms, it represents a state of less chaos in the nervous system which simply means we are in an optimum state that favors good health.With respect to the software itself, it has a nice user interface, is easy to use and you don't have to have a technical or medical background to get the full benefit from it. In fact, you don't have to understand the technology at enjoy the benefits! That's one of the things I most like.This software is particularly good for people who are working with stress management, pranayama, meditation or other relaxation techniques and want to see the affects on their nervous system and heart. How it does this is by exploiting monitoring heart rate variability from moment-to-moment. By practicing meditation, various breathing techniques or relaxation exercises one can see the affects on the nervous system as manifested in changes in heart rate variability (HRV). This data is shown graphically along with other useful information such as the percentage of time spent in the session in high, medium and low coherence. There is also graphical and audio feedback to let you know whether you are in high, medium or low coherence in a given moment. You can also measure pulse waves and see your pulse rate at any given time.This software also allows you to save past sessions, change many options and increase the thresholds for the various states of coherence. This allows you to keep things challenging as you get better at achieving a state of balance. There are also a variety of games available for you to practice your skills outside of the main program.This package also comes with some useful tutorials and good online help. It is very simple to use and doesn't have a busy or complicated user interface or instructions. I do a fair amount of biofeedback work on some very expensive equipment and I find that this program has most of the things I need for heart rate variability measurements at a low price. This makes it ideal for home users or people contemplating more in-depth biofeedback work.If you want to no more about the theory behind this product and how it could help you, you can look at HeartMath's website or do a search on the book "THE HEARTMATH SOLUTION" by Doc Childre and Howard Martin. You can also search on biofeedback, heart rate variability and respiratory sinus arrhythmia on the web. While I don't necessary agree with everything the HEARTHMATH SOLUTION says, I think it makes some excellent points that have been validated scientifically and that I've found to be true in my own experience and the experience of my clients.I think one of the most powerful uses of this software is to see how different emotional states affect coherence such as anger, compassion, love, anxiety, etc. For most people, it's a very visceral experience to see how states of love and compassion correlate to maximum coherence. It is also an eye opener to see how anger and other negative emotions cause these physiological states to deteriorate.I also teach various types of meditation including loving-kindness and forgiveness meditation. This software is an excellent accompaniment to this type of practice or pranayama work in yoga.In summary, I think this is a great investment for busy people trying to find a simple stress management practice, yoga practioners and meditators. It will help you to develop higher awareness of your anxiety levels and other emotional states. It could also be used in combination with therapy for anger management and other issues in a very effective manner. The tutorial also gives you beginning instruction on how to increase your coherence on your own and points you to other more in-depth resources.If you have depression or other serious difficulties in your life then I recommend checking in with a professional as to the suitability of this product. Some things just can't be treated on your solely on your own and I have found that deep relaxation practices without guidance when there are serious issues going on can evoke anxiety or strong emotions. For the average person, however, this shouldn't be an issue.  