review/text: I've suffered through years of digestive disorders and bought a large 'stockpile' of this product, believing it would help. I started at one tablet/day and slowly worked my way up to 3 tabs 3x/day. The results? Absolutely nothing! It failed to improve anything! I was pretty shocked/disappointed. For those of you wondering, I stayed on this regime for several months; I gave it plenty of time to work its magic but to no avail. This is not a cheap supplement either! A lot of money wasted for nothing!I did discover later that I was low in stomach acid which might explain why it didn't work. Perhaps I wasn't even absorbing any of it; but after being on betaine for quite some time and trying this product again (I still had 2 bottles left over) it still made no difference. Perhaps I need to try the 'Ultra' formula, but at this point I'm pretty jaded/doubtful it will work.UPDATE: June, 2008:While I appreciate the comments of some well-wishers (Lindsay, Richard, S. Malette; thank you :) ), I think it's important to realize that there is no such thing as a 'magic bullet' that works on everyone when it comes to probiotics, no matter how well-made or high quality the product might be. I tried this product a number of different times, a number of different batches, at the maximum dosage required. Nada. There was nothing wrong with the product or how I was using it. It simply does not work for me. Period.I have since found a completely different probiotic that does work! L. Sporogenes! Mercola recommends it to all his patients because he's found it has the highest success rate of all probiotics he's tested. (I think it's interesting to note that Mercola "used to" recommend Primal Defense but no longer does; it appears he's replaced it with this new one).So there ya go! IF you find Primal Defense does not work for you (and I know there are others out there like me) I would suggest you try a probiotic that contains L. Sporogenes. You may have better success with it like I did.  