review/text: This product works as advertised, but you must take it with food, AND, AND, AND, drink lots, and lots, of water!!! Additionally, you SHOULD USE THIS ONLY WHEN YOU'RE ABOUT TO PHYSICALLY EXERT YOURSELF!!! I cant emphasize this enough. Users cannot just take this product, and then sit down to read a book, or some other activity that doesn't require physical exertion (this applies to any substance with CAFFEINE). This product can be your friend, or your enemy, depending on how you use (or abuse) it. And, as one reviewer said, don't use the recommended serving amout-Use Less!!I can give the above advice/warning because I did the opposite of such advice when I first started using Zantrex. In addition to the weight-loss that I enjoyed, I also enjoyed the rush of happiness and joy I felt within minutes of taking these little blue pills. When I reached my weightloss goal, I continued to take them just for the rush of happiness and energy, not for physical exertion/exercise -I took them on an empty stomach, and I did not drink nearly enough water.Problems I eventually encountered as a result of using this product incorrectly are as follows:Massive GUT pains. Unbearable uterine pains, especially during intercourse (frustrated husband). Nerve pain in tooth (I was blaming the dentist for doing bad work). Insomnia for days. Anxiety and nervousness(felt as if I was being chased by something). Unable to focus my attention on any one thing. Creepy crawly sensation in bones of my legs. Lazer-like/electrical shock-like pain that radiated in the area of my Liver, Uterus, Ovaries, breast, and toes. Blurry vision. Extreme constipation and frequent urination. Massive amounts of hairloss on scalp and eyebrows. Severe dry skin, and skin darkening. Dry, weak nails. Joint pain in fingers. And finally, the last two symptoms were the straws that 'broke the camel's back'. Elbow AND Knee joint stiffness and severe pain. Couldn't walk normally -hobbling like an old woman, and unable to use my affected dominant arm to open anything, including doors.When I realized my error and eliminated the little blue pills, all these symptoms completely disappeared over thecourse of six months.  