review/text: IF...I can find out how to get the PC Software and USB link! So far I have not, and information from the company is difficult to obtain.I already have the Prevention wrist monitor and arm cuff monitor, and they are both great except for two drawbacks, both of which the Lumiscope 1134 corrects. It records irregular heartbeat in its memory banks, and it is supposed to connect to a PC via USB to copy its memory records automatically, including irregular heartbeats - a function that I would find very convenient and time-saving. In fact, the usb - PC link and software is the only reason for the Lumiscope purchase.When I bought the Prevention monitors I wrongly assumed that if it detected an irregular heartbeat that it would record it in memory. Nope! But the Lumiscope does, and at a lesser price.The Lumiscope also seems more accurate to me, as it deflates more slowly, giving about 4 - 5 heartbeats per 10-digit drop. This is opposed to the Prevention getting usually 2 or occasionally 3. So the lumiscope is more accurate by a few points.The LS 1134 also functions as a clock and an alarm, which is handy, and stores more info - up to 99 recordings in EACH of 4 memory or user banks - that's a total of 396 - far more than others! The Preventions both have 2 banks with 30 each recordings - and do NOT store irregular heartbeats.The one gripe I have with the lumiscope, or Amazon's listing of it, is that the description gives the impression that the USB PC connection and software come with it, but it does NOT. It must be ordered online from Lumiscope separately, and I can not even find it on Amazon, which I find strange. So far, I have not even found it on Lumiscope's website, which I find even stranger. I have written them by email, and will report back my findings.Another plus is the large arm cuff, which goes over 18". Very convenient.Overall, I am very impressed with the quality, build, versatility and functionality. I may update this review after I see how much the software and PC connections costs, IF I can get them.  