review/text: This past summer I'd done quite a bit of exercising and work around the house (building decks in sweltering heat, etc) and it was the first time I'd ever gotten a heat rash at all. Kept getting them every couple of weeks, and eventually when none of the cortisone cream worked to fully remove it for any great length of time, the fourth time I got a heat rash it developed into something else. I didn't know if it was a jock itch type fungal rash or a yeast infection on the skin, but it was getting red and scaly and was burning rather than itching, and being in my hip flexor area rather than the groin area, it was an odd place to have gotten it. As usual I Googled the hell out of whatever rash it could be, and something was mentioned somewhere about something similar to this. So when I came to Amazon and searched that product, this one came up in the search results as well, and had many more happy reviewers and more 5 star ratings. After reading of all the success others had, I ordered it, and used it just as the directions state on the bottle. You can feel the tingling sensation when you wash the affected area with it, and just for future reference, the less it tingles, the more your infection/rash is going away. Immediately after using it I had some relief from the burning heat it was throwing off, and literally within 3 days, it was as if the rash had nearly disappeared. Some have said it smells badly, but I think it smells great. Almost like a Vicks type smell, only with more of an earthy scent than a menthol one. Three washes, it was almost totally gone. Once it was gone for good, I would use the soap on the same area every few showers or so, just to keep it in check. Once the summer was over, I didn't need to use it anymore, but now I know what I'll be using from now on through each and every summer to prevent them from happening. DO NOT HESITATE TO BUY THIS PRODUCT!!! It truly is like watching a magic trick happen, that's how fast and drastic the healing was.  