review/text: I started getting menopause symptoms in May 2011 (48 yrs). I already knew I was in peri-menopause due to some labwork. I was getting hot flashes at least every hour. They weren't severe however I developed terrible anxiety and then feelings of depression. I literally didn't want to leave the house and was miserable. Then I discovered Estroven and that worked like a charm in stopping the hot flashes, but I still had the anxiety and depression. I had Wellbutrin from a previous need at one time, so I started taking it while waiting for a Dr's appt. That worked and within days the anxiety was gone so my Doc kept me on it (just 150 mg/day). So I was fine until June of this year.I had read reviews where women have reported that black cohosh will build up in your system and stop working. Well I got slammed in June with much worse symptoms than the previous year. The flashes and night sweats were debilitating! When a flash would hit me I would immediately feel like all my energy got sucked out of me. I'd have to stop what I was doing till I got my strength and wind back in me. I also started to get heart palpitations. I know that this is A-Fib because I used to be a paramedic, and that it is not life threatening. But I would get "runs" of it, like 6 or more missed beats in a row. I don't care who you are, that sh*t is disturbing! Since I'm going longer than 3 mos without a cycle, I am pretty certain that my body is advancing into full menopause. The worst is that I started losing my hair. Almost all of the front has broken off and my hair is radically thinner all over. I've basically lost half my hair. So you can imagine my awful distress over all of this. It's like you're own body is abusing you. The hair loss is what led me to DIM-Plus.I stopped taking estroven to clear the black cohosh from my system. I read reviews that DIM helped some with hair loss and that it might work on the other symptoms. Well I was only taking it for three days when I just couldn't take it anymore and started taking estroven again (I'd been off for 2 weeks) along with the DIM. After just two days the symptoms have decreased. Sweats are not debilitating, I sleep thru the night again, and no more palpitations. Whew! The shame is that I won't really be able to evaluate the DIM effects/results independent of estroven. I'll continue to take both and actually have been seeing LESS hair loss in the shower and my hairbrush. I will have to come back at a later date to update whether that continues to work (I also switched to Mane and Tail shampoo/conditioner on the recomend from a friend. PS-it leaves my hair feeling great! Much less drier).I do feel like I have more energy and better focus and motivation. I believe the DIM is helping and I hope it's helping to reverse the hair loss. The reason I've written all the detail above is in case anyone else is going thru what feels like hell. I have found reviews and recommends to be so helpful. And also knowing that others are going thru this too. I just wanna know when it will be over! Lol. Feedback is appreciated if you want to share your horror story and what helped you (every woman is different it seems). I wish everyone the blessing in finding relief and good health!  