review/text: I highly recommend this product. Our dentist recommended between our semi-annual office cleanings, use 2x a day instead of floss to slow and arrest dental plaque buildup and use alongside a pulsatingWaterpik Ultra Water Flosser. I was skeptical. But after a year of use, our family is hooked.You use this product after brushing teeth. Just insert a refill onto a Proxabrush Toothbrush Handle and gently move the bristles between the spaces in your teeth. Then rinse. I do not like theButler Go-Betweens Cleaners 8 eabecause it is harder to maneuver in each of our mouths. Use theGum go-betweens Proxabrush Handle with Refillsto determine what size refills you need and to get your first handle. The bristle refill should slip completely in and out between each tooth so the tapered refills does not work for us. 8 refills are in a single pack.I combine with the Waterpik before bed. Each bristle refill lasts 3 days to just over a week. When bent during repeated use, the bristle refill is weakened, can break and get stuck between the teeth. The user must take care not to swallow when removing the broken end from between the teeth. Because of this design flaw, it is not suitable for children or the aged or people with mobility problems. This happened for me about 1 time out of the 8 refills and I've learned to be more careful and inspect before each use.Users in their 40s-60s who are more at risk for gum disease and plaque formation should be more than satisfied with the results. I personally have found no product better for arresting plaque and look for and encourage feedback if anyone has a better tool. It feels good to be active in slowing plaque build up.Now my bug-a-boo and why I am writing this review.Our family needs both wideGUM Go Betweens Proxabrush Refills, Wide, 8-Count Packages (Pack of 6)and TIGHT GUM Go Between Proxabrush Tight Refills-8ct (Quantity of 6) refills. The wide are more readily available and often discounted. The TIGHT are harder to come by and for some reason unknown to me, more expensive. None of Amazon suppliers for TIGHT offer PRIME free shipping at the time of this review. But this supplier offers PRIME on wide, thank you.I went to the manufacturer's website found local distributors and spent 3 days trying to find the product locally. Frustrated, I went back to the manufacturers website, found I could order direct and even found a discount and free shipping code. However, the code does not work and the system bug removes the shipping line charge but includes it in the total. Furthermore, the manufacturer's web order system requires personal information that I prefer to limit when ordering. In short, Amazon remains my store of choice and I remain grateful for ease of use and security.  