review/text: I did a lot of research for about a month to see what corded clippers would be best to buy, since I was tired of the battery dying on all my cordless ones. This clipper definitely has some great pros. But there are also a couple minor cons.First of all, it clips VERY well. Very smooth, even shave. And it doesn't pull hair either. So many other clippers force you to go over spots several times just to get your hair at the right length. But with this Wahl, the most I've had to go over a single spot was 3 times (and that was only in a couple instances). A lot of other clippers have flimsy length attachments that can mess up the length. This Wahl has pretty strong attachments, so you do get an even length cut all around. And one of the best parts is that this was a LOT quieter than I expected it to be. It's pretty heavy duty. But it's the quietest clipper I've ever used. I was also initially worried about the cord length and if it would be a pain. But that isn't the case. Very well built.The first thing to be aware of, though, is that a clipper cleaner/lubricant spray is absolutely essential. I thought I did a good job of cleaning and drying it after using it. But after 1 use, I took a look at it a couple weeks later and rust had already started to form. I also kept it in the cabinet under the sink in the case, but maybe there was still just a little too much moisture from the steam from the shower to get to the clipper (just a guess on that one, though). Thankfully I ordered a replacement blade and a proper cleaner/lubricant, which was quite inexpensive, and will store it in a place more dry. It's also a little bulkier than I anticipated. But I got used to it pretty quickly. And if you use it for a while, I'd say 15 plus minutes without turning it off, it gets a bit warm (not hot. Not difficult to take. But it could get hotter if you use it for even longer).Overall, I'm definitely happy with the purchase. It does a great job with clipping. It's a solid unit. And hopefully the blade issue will be corrected with the proper cleaner.  