review/text: I have not used this product but have used AED's from other companies as well as using the hands-on type of defibrillator used in EDs and in ambulances. These devices save lives, no questions asked. I agree with the posters who suggest training is needed. It should be a pre-requisite that one must received at least basic cardiac care/first aid and CPR prior to being able to purchase this device. Basic CPR now includes a chapter on how to use an AED and that training should suffice. After receiving this low level of training and furnishing the card to Phillips, the person should be able to purchase this device. An AED is safe, effective and fills the gap from the onset of cardiac arrest to the arrival of first responders.My dad died this week in a large city in British Columbia. He was taken to a Walk-In-Clinic as he was 30 minutes away from a hospital, 4-5 minutes away from the clinic. The benchmark standard ambulance response time that most EMS systems try to achieve is 8 minutes. Even with an 8 minute response time, the crew will require at least 30 to 90 seconds to get the equipment set-up and ready to use. Thus, the patient has waited around 8.5 to 9.5 minutes, at a mininum, with CPR only (if the patient is lucky). The likely of a successful defibrillation after 10 minutes of CPR and oxygen ventilation is around 0-25%, since for every minute wasted waiting for defibrillation, the likelyhood of success decreases by 7-10%.By taking my father the 4-5 minutes to the clinic, before he arrested, and being under the treatment of a medical doctor, was the right choice. But, the clinic lacked this basic but fundemental life saving device. The clinic did not posess an AED. After five 911 calls and 19 minutes of CPR, the first ambulance showed up, and it happened to be an advanced life support crew with all the tools to save lives. After 19 minutes though, the likelyhood of a successful defibrillation is very minimal if not impossible. My father died.This device would have saved my dad's life. Maybe it will save yours.Darren  