review/text: Save your money and buy something much cheaper than RingStop that actually has a good chance of working. Homeopathic cures like RingStop are only for "true" believer types: homeopathic means: A system for treating disease based on the administration of minute doses of a drug that in massive amounts produces symptoms in healthy individuals similar to those of the disease itself.Recently, some credible studies have shown a connection between Vitamin B12 deficiency and tinnitus (search the Web). The studies involved B12 shots, but a tinnitus suffer could just buy B12 in a bottle over the counter for a few bucks. Choose the lozenge sublingual form rather than buying the tablet form since B12 is absorbed into the body better under the tongue than through the stomach. Dissolve the lozenge by placing it under your tongue for a couple minutes. Also, take a couple multi-vitamins per day to make sure you are getting enough of the other vitamins and minerals. When you are on the vitamin regimine, your tinnitus may go away for a day and then come back louder for a day or two as your inner ear heals, but you should eventually get some relief. Anyway, it won't hurt to take the vitamin regimine for a month (or until the bottle is empty) to see what it does. If it helps soften the tinnitus or cures it, keep taking 2 multi-vitamins and a B12 (Cyanocobalamin) lozenge. Try to find out whether you need, say, one, two or three B12 lozenges a day to deaden the ringing, and record what strength the lozenges were (e.g., 500 mcg = 8,333 % USRDA).See your doctor since tinnitus can be caused by several ailments, including bad neck alignment, i.e, bad posture. Watch out because chiropractic adjustments have caused or worsened tinnitus. Use a thick pillow at night to keep you from having a creeky neck. That way, the slight "cracking" of the joints doesn't shock the inner ear and trigger tinnitus for a day or days on end. If you neck is creeky when you wake up, or is sore or crackily by the end of the day, I suggest you layer two pillows together inside one pillow case for more firm support, unless you already have a thick, firm pillow to start with.  