review/text: (Mr. Master Reviewer ^.^)As a basic person who goes on with the daily activity life, I am one who suffers with cold hands at times when the air temperature just reaches below 60 Degrees Fahrenheit. The colder the air, the colder my hands absorb due to blood circulation coming to a halt. The name for this can best be described as Raynaud's Syndrome or Raynaud's phenomenom. It's a disease that involves an interruption in the blood flow to fingers and toes (and sometimes nose and ears), due to spasms in the blood vessels. I have not visited a doctor yet but I have had this problem ever since I was about 15 Years old. Currently 18 and it seems as if the feeling gets worse in cold situations but going back to the product, these set of gloves can really make a difference!I typically wear around the house and even in school during class. They keep your hands from loosing the original body heat it produces and isolates it to maintain normal hand temperature.The only flaw I have had with these gloves are the finger tips don't get covered and those with "Raynaud's Syndrome" or at least situations or problems closely linking their own experiences with the definition of the syndrome will still end up feeling their finger tips reaching almost ice feelings when they put their hands and these gloves to the cold weather test.The good thing though is with these gloves, the user can at least cut down on cold by keeping nearly 90% of the hand's natural warmth.Better then having nothing and sacrificing that last 10% of the human hand having finger tips exposed in order to do normal every day activities that involve using fingertips (Playing Guitar, playing video games, doing homework, texting on a smartphone, normal phone, typing on a keyboard like this review I have typed while WEARING the gloves ^.^, ect.)All in all, buy these gloves just for the warmth. Very durable material! Make sure that you properly measure your hand size using the size chart on Amazon before ordering in order to get what will properly fit you personally. Size needs to be as followed because any bigger or smaller and they won't work as well as they should.I have uploaded some Amazon images of the product to provide users with a better idea of the product before buying. Hope it helps :)  