review/text: I just got my first Norelco model 8825 XL, after 7 years using a Braun 4501. I considered these two brands the top in the electrical shaving industry. In some aspects I founded the Norelco reigning over the Braun and in other aspects the Braun is much better. So, the question you should ask yourself is what type of hair are you trying to shave?Let first look at the Norelco series:The different between the Norelco's Spectra (8000 series), Quadra (7000 series), Advantage (6000 series), and the Reflex (5000 series) is one major feature added to each series. The Reflex sports the basic &quot;Lift &amp; Cut&quot; system. The Advantage is the same but include a lotion dispenser. The Quadra's &quot;Lift and Cut&quot; system has two types of head with a slot and hole. The Spectra series has what the Quadra does, but include a comfort control. Both the Quadra and Spectra don't have lotion dispenser. There are also more special features that can be found in each series by looking at the 2nd digit. For example the Spectra 8894 have a digital screen where the bare-bone lower number Spectra 8825 have just a green light.The performances, Norelco vs. Braun:I have soft hair in the beard area and thicker hair around the lips (mustache and chin area). The Norelco does a superior job in the beard area; it cut it clean with a couple of strokes. When using the Braun (older model 4501), I sometime have to use a long trimmer and then go back over with the coil. The Norelco three individual heads move over the sides of the face a lot better. Braun does do a superior job over the mustache area. It coils has more and bigger holes then Norelco. The Spectra with it dual slot and hole head is good but takes longer time to cut down the thicker stub. The old Braun battery (NH-) is dying on me. Norelco battery (NiCd) is replaceable and you use it charged or just plug and play, which the Braun could not do. Overall, I prefer the Norelco's design.The features I like:I am still playing with the Personal Comfort Control and am not sure if it is necessary. The more sensitive the level is the long it takes to cut so far. The long hair trimmer is great, but that is almost standard in most models, but not the Advantage's Series. Plug and play is great, since I don't travel every day. Cleaning is simple; just rinse it in the sink. I like the solid construction the Norelco's design is, the rotating machine is fun to use and is very smooth.  