review/text: I use this product in my daughter's hair. She is two and a half, but has natural pincurls that are tighter than Shirley Temple's. When you pull the hair down straight, it (literally) goes down to the middle of her back. Having a shampoo with a smoothing, detangling quality is a MUST.PROS:1. It's super cheap. This is always a good thing, as the bottle occasionally gets squeezed into the tub to make bubbles when I am not looking. (As a plus for kids, it causes super bubbles, and works just as well as a bubble bath would).2. It's by Suave, so you know it's a decent product. I like Suave a lot, and have found that this works better than any other children's brand of shampoo we have tried.3. It works VERY well with the Suave for Kids Detangler spray. I use it right after my toddler gets out of the bath, and we immediately brush her hair. We started using the detangler spray first, but have definitely noticed a difference since we started using this product.4. It smells great! We tend to buy the combo packs (which have different smells), and the strawberry remains one of my favorite. I have a hard time finding kids strawberry-smelling products that don't smell overly fake and sugary, and this product does a good job of it.5. It rinses out super quick. My daughter freaks out when you spray water on her head (even if it's from a cup), so it's ability to rinse out quickly is a plus.6. It is tear free. My daughter doesn't freak out, scream, or cry when she gets it in her eyes. MAJOR BONUS!7. It lasts a long time. We only need a squirt half the size of a dime, and it washes my daughter's hair thoroughly. I would say on average, one bottle lasts us about a month and a half to two months. This is not bad, especially when you consider that one bottle costs under $2; it equates to $1 a month, and we also use the detangler, but that is relatively inexpensive too!At this time, I have no cons for the product. We use it in my household daily, and I couldn't ask for anything better. My daughter and I both love it, and I don't plan to replace this product any time soon.  