review/text: Let's get one thing straight here: I am a 22 yr old guy and I personally hate my leg and armpit hair. Because of this, I started shaving those areas two years ago. I shaved them every day but my hair would keep coming back so I would have to do it again. I also didn't like having to spend my money on new razors, shaving creams, waxes, or other hair removal products.So I searched online for th right hair removal product for me, and chose epilation. I noticed that this epilator was the one with the most high reviews so I decided to get it with the gift certificates I got this Christmas. It came a day later and and I cannot tell you how excited I was!The first time I used this epilator was actually not as bad as I had expected (because of all the people who had said how horrible it feels in the reviews), but that may be because I had shaved two days prior. To describe the pain, it kind of felt like my legs were getting rug burned, but withut the lasting pain. Now just to let you know, my leg hair is dark and thick, and in my opinion looks disgusting. The next day I epilated again to continue to get my legs used to it, and to get other hairs in other growth cycles. It still hurt to remov the hair, but it went a lot faster because I was starting to know what I was doing. I then skipped two days to see what it would be like with more growth, and it didn't hurt more then before. Overall, my legs turned out smoother then ever before, ad I didn't notice any red bumps (might be because of my brown Hispanic skin).Compared to the one time I got my legs waxed, I feel that the pain was less, and that I could take the pain much better because I was in control of what happened. Also, I learned that if you start with the most painful areas and then move onto other areas, it will make the whole experience much easier.What do I think of the unit? I think it fits quite well in my hand. I don't know what others are talking about when they said it was uncomfortable to hold. Maybe it is because I have larger guy hands or something. What I do is grasp the unit on each smaller side with a pinching grasp. That seems to work very well. I like how the unit has two rollers, which not only pulls out twice as much hair as compared to other units, but it also gives me a good visual for knowing when I have aligned the head in the correct position. I like how the cord unplugs both from the wall and the unit. That makes it easier to clean the unit because the cord doesn't get in the way. The exfoliation pad really does wonders for me, and the shaving attachment works quite well on my arm pits (shaved them first, and then epilad later).Overall, I would recommend this unit to anyone who doesn't want to shave, and doesn't want to spend the money on waxing, laser, or electrolysis. The unit is cost effective, works extremely well, even for a guy like me, and comes in a case that allows me to keep my hair removal discrete and personal. I should have bought this unit a long time ago! To all guys thinking of gettin an epilator, you can't go wrong with his one, and to the ladies, if it works well on a guy then it should work just as well for you!  