review/text: ** UPDATE, July 2012 ** As my body fat has continued to drop (now in the 15% range, from around 30%), the results from this device are more consistent, both in comparison with itself and with other measuring techniques. Seems it works better at a lower body fat than a high one.ORIGINAL REVIEW:The best I can say about this is that it is better than nothing.The GOOD:If you are a man, it is fairly easy to use once you get used to it. It helps you take the measures by beep-guidance, and you can do it fairly easily by yourself. It does convert its pinch measurements to an alleged body fat percentage for you. Within a WIDE margin of error, it will show a gradual trend to increasing or losing body fat, if you stick with it for a long time. This is really the most important thing for most people.The BAD:FEMALE TROUBLE:If you are a woman, directions require you to take a measure on the back of your arm holding the skin with one hand, and the device with the other. If, like most of us, you have only two arms with only one hand attached to each arm, and you can count to two, you will realize that this is impossible to do by yourself. You can take the measure one-handed by foregoing the hand pinch and just grabbing the skin with calipers held in your left hand, but this is contrary to instructions given by both this product's instructions and all other advice on how to take a tricep skinfold measure.RESULTS ALL OVER THE BOARD:I've been using this daily for 4 months now. Even with all this practice, it's inconsistent. It almost never gives the same result. The variation is usually within a range of 2-3 percent bodyfat. This isn't the end of the world, but it is much much worse than using manual calipers, where I can much more consistently reproduce my results. There are many free on-line calculators that will translate the manual caliper millimeter measurements into body-fat, which greatly reduces the importance of having this gizmo do this for you. It just takes a few seconds to plug the numbers into one of these calculators and get your results.Also, the results are almost always (though not always - nothing is very consistent with these) significantly less than with manual calipers. I discern that this is a function of the measurement that it gives: the millimeters it shows upon beeping are almost always less than manual calipers' results. You have to squeeze fairly hard to get it to beep sometimes; may have something to do with that.NITPICKING:A lot of people complain about ease of use with set-up and visibility. It's awkward to hold and use, it's not intuitive to set up, and the screen and icons are terribly hard to read. I was able to set it up and use it correctly, though it requires careful attention to instructions and very good eyes or a magnifying glass to get started. Once you're set-up and practiced, it's ok.Try them if like me you're gadget-curious. It's fun. I still use them everyday along with the manual ones. But you can save money and get more consistent and probably more accurate results by using manual calipers alone and an online converter.  