review/text: Here's my disclaimer: I am NOT a physician, physiologist, or EMT. Nor have I ever even used this particular device.Here is what I AM: Someone who has witnessed a similar device save the life of a dear friend and colleague.I know that this type of device can save lives in some situations because I saw it happen! Some folks have posted reviews which cite some grim survival rates. However, these statistics appear to be based upon some very broad ranges of incidents - ie. they don't break down the survival rate by HOW SOON the defibrillator was applied to the victim. I have been told that the survival rate is highly dependent on how quickly the heartbeat is restored. I.e. if the heartbeat is in V-Fib for only two or three minutes, the survival rate is much higher than the cited grim statistics.In our case, we were attending an event at a hotel in Laughlin, Nevada when a friend dropped down like an anchor in the middle of a sentence from a Ventricular Fibrillation. One of our other friends was a CPR instructor and he immediately recongnized the need for CPR and began administering it. The hotel security was called and told of the dire emergency and they very quickly responded by sending one of their security personnel with an automatic defibrillator. He ripped the shirt off our friend's chest and placed the electrodes in the positions indicated. The device he used was talking him through everything. It told us to stand back while it tested the heart rhythm and then quickly advised us to not touch the victim because a shock would be administered. After the shock happened, it re-analyzed the heart rhythm and advised us that the heartbeat had been restored. Many minutes later the local EMT's arrived with their even more sophisticated equipment. Our friend was quickly taken off to the hospital.There is NO doubt that the prompt use of the automatic defibrillator saved his life. He was elderly and had preexisting heart problems and he still does - FOUR YEARS LATER. We love every christmas card we get!Well, no one can guarantee any particular outcome, but, if time is precious (and it IS when someone is in V-Fib), having an automatic defibrillator close at hand can literally be a life-saver.I agree with the others that a person should also improve their odds with reasonable training on these issues, as well.To hell with the callous critics.PS Laughlin, Nevada was a test bed for the use of automatic defibrillators. It was nothing but luck on our part to be in a hotel where they had one. We credit good planning by the hotel folks and the automated defibrillator with saving a life.PPS. How do you thing the security guard felt after he fully realized that he had saved a life??  