review/text: I usually check things out on Amazon before I buy them,and sure wish I had done so with this. This thing should be recalled by the FDA. I was in my local drug store and needed a rectal thermometer to monitor my 70 lb dog's temperature when he was sick. My expectations were that I was purchasing an accurate thermometer with a flexible tip that would give a rapid and more comfortable experience for my dog who is very determined not have his temp ever taken. Instead, this is what I got:1. Before using it on him, I checked my temp orally 3 times and got a different reading each time, although they were all with a degree of each other. I decided to go ahead and use it as I needed to make certain his temp didn't go any higher.2. I took his temp, and when the "beep" at the end went off, he took off.3. Even though I knew he had a fever at the vets 45 minutes earlier, the Vicks thing said it was almost 2 degrees below the normal range for dogs.4. Thinking perhaps I hadn't inserted the tip far enough, even though my vet said I only needed to insert it about an inch, I took it again and it was still below normal.5. I have a BD thermometer with a flexible tip that I use, so I apologized profusely to my dog and used the BD thermometer which showed his temp was 1.8 degrees above doggy normal.6. I tried to return the Vicks thermometer, but it had to be in its original package. I told them why it wasn't in it's original packaging and was told that because I had used it on a dog, I had voided the warranty. I left it on their counter and went to a different drug store and purchased another BD thermometer for myself.My dog and I are very close, but I draw the line at sharing a thermometer!!!I have since purchased a ear thermometer for dogs which I have validated for accuracy at the vets office when they have taken his temp rectally. They now have me check his temp with it before I bring him in to spare everyone the temperature taking drama. After 6 months of every kind of training approach imaginable, even our trainer said that every dog should be allowed at least one phobia.  