review/text: Hundredth review right now on this product! Cool!Merkur 178 and 34C is the same razor. It's just different codes by who is selling the razor.This Merkur is very nice. The grip is wonderful and the razor length is kinda small and old school which is what attracted me in the first place. Bought this 4 months ago. Traded off and on with an Edwin Jager which my last review. The Edwin has nice plating and appearance. I prefer this shorter razor though. Not sure why. I've used 3 blades with it: generic Kroger, Feather, Wilkinson 'Sword'. The blade is the biggest thing. I prefered the generic actually.I ended up buying my first DE after being interested for a long time in the subject and seeing old second hand ones by the GEM brand for $5 at a local antique fair I went to one afternoon to abide some time. Walking out an hour later after buying nothing since there was so much to choose from that it became too overwhelming to make a choice. Seeing the razors made me want to buy one or two to try and see why everyone was raving about them. One of my older relatives kept their DE razors for many years but when they went to check for me it turned out they had been thrown out or given away which was disappointing. They said they always used Gillette brand from the 1950s on and that GEM's were the cheap brand of their day. It's was a shame to realize a classic Fatboy or other DE razors may have been just thrown out and how they're worth quite a bit of money today.I shave every 2-3 days and I can't say the shave has ever been without its faults and always having to go back to cover the rough spots: jawline, chin, under nose, neck area, side of neck, sideburns. It's fun to shave with a DE razor. It still hurts and it's never cut like butter like some people claim. I generally get a lot of cuts even with proper prep, good amount of soap on my face, water hydration. I always have to finish the rough spots with my Panasonic electric razor. Even 4-5 multiple good passes doesn't get it smooth with the DE. And I still have to put on After Shave at the end before finishing the final touches with my electric which still burns!This is a good razor overall. It's just a little less long (half an inch) than the Edwin Jager but provides better grip when wet and I like the 2-piece design over the 3-piece design of the Edwin Jager.If you have bigger hands you might dig the Edwin more. If you have smaller hands or want a more classic design pick up the Merkur. The shave is the same I feel. Some say Edwin is more gentle and Merkur is more aggressive. It doesn't matter really. I can't tell any difference. It's more the blade you choose to use in the end and how many passes you do. You can also experiment with how many fingers you use to hold the razor. I've read 2-3 os all you need and to let the weight of the razor head so it's job. I get tugging and uncomfortableness either way. You just have to put up with it if you want a good shave though and think about the end result.You can't go wrong either way. Pick up a good badger brush (best you have the money for), shave pucks if you need them and a few different blades and a stand to dry your brush correctly upside down so it doesn't get smelly or rot. After these steps you'll be on your way to a great shave and can put more time into shaving rather than reading about products! Good luck on your shaving journey.Oh, the myth that DE shaving makes shaving fun or that you'll want to do it every day more is bunk!! Shaving still sucks. It's still just as time consuming and boring. You can get used to a shaved face feeling which can in effect make you want to shave more often though. You'll still hate the repetition of it though.  