review/text: I'm going to talk about poop in my review, so if that offends you, please skip reading this! I've tried the "original" flavor (which is... herb-y and kind of gross), but this is a review for the cinnamon spice (which is still slightly herb-y, but tastes pretty decent.)I never understand why these teas are marketed as "dieter's tea". Don't use this to lose weight. The only weight you'll lose is from all that crap and water you're expelling from your bowels (literally crap. I made a poop joke. Hehe. Okay, sorry. Back to my review.)If you want to lose weight, eat less "standard American diet" foods, eat more veggies, and move more. The end. Seriously, don't use this as your weight loss method. I've tried it, and it just gives you stomach cramps for a few weeks, and you'll lose more friends than pounds because basically you just have diarrhea all the time.The real purpose of the product? It's for pooping.This is a laxative tea for when you're constipated. If you've never had this before, here's what I discovered about a decade ago, when I was a teenager with body image issues and found my mom's "dieter's tea": brewed myself a huge cup (kept the teabag in), chugged it, spent the next night and day with wild stomach cramping and diarrhea. Lovely, am I right? To combat this, keep the brew times short, especially at first. You should feel... something... within 24 hours.Overusing laxatives will make you have even more bowel problems. It contains senna, which is a "natural" compound, but your body will start to get used to it, and you'll need more and more, every time, and suddenly your anus is either leaking or so clenched up that you can't poop without help. Apparently, you can use it safely up to 30 days, but I personally don't use it more than 2 days in a row, and I pretty much only use it if for whatever reason (stress, forgetting to eat any veggies/fruits, etc) I have been constipated for more than 2 days. I like it better than senna tablets, but it's hard to control how strong the tea will be.If you're chronically constipated, I would personally suggest using this a few days a week, and supplementing your diet with a fiber supplement likeVitafusion Fiber Gummies 220 Count Sugar Freeor by adding a bunch of fibrous plants/veggies and other natural sources of fiber into your diet.)If you're into "cleanses", holyyy mother, this will make you feel pretty empty inside, like an angsty teenager. Just take a few strong cups, brace yourself through the cramping, and prepare to feel nice and clean inside. Don't do this too often, though, and don't do this if you need to work the next day.The cinnamon spice flavor tastes pretty good, but not a super strong cinnamon taste, as I expected/hoped. The box I got came with 2 medium-sized plastic bags (sealed) of tea bags. The tea bags that I got are pretty well constructed. I put them in an airtight container for storage. If you don't have one, keep them in a ziplock. If you leave them exposed to air, the tea will taste stale after a few weeks.  