review/text: I do love the spot-on reviewer comment below about the Gillette BladeMask. Whenever these shaving companies come out with these number-of-blade toppers, the inevitable question asked is "where will it end?" I think the BladeMask comment answers that question in a facetious but, hey who knows, perhaps accurate way. Touch&eacute;.I've always been a (very) early adopter of Gillette blade innovations, so I bought the Fusion first day of release. [ Hey, A.G. Lafley bought the whole freakin' company after testing a Fusion prototype, so that's a pretty good testament.]In terms of the Fusion itself, there are pros and cons vs. upgrading from the Mach Turbo 3.The pros:- Does seem to be a better shave (certainly takes less strokes, that's for sure). Gillette has succeeded in raising the bar again.- I suspect you'll get less wear on each blade meaning you'll be able to keep the blade in the razor longer. [A key point when you read my 'cons'.]- The industrial design of the razor, the blade and how the two pieces fit together is a thing of beauty. A real indication of the increasing pervasiveness of CAD in every aspect of our lives and the need to compete on functionality, price AND design. [Thank you, Steve Jobs.]- The blade on the back is a real breakthrough. Sounds bizarre in concept, but great in practice. You'll keep your sideburns straighter and not bang up that space under your nose trying to cram 3+ blades under there.The cons:- Well, of course you need that backside razor because the darn surface face of the blade contraption is so big (this is the "Big Bertha" of razors) and spongy-flexible like a teenage gymnast that you can't get the shaving impact area within a country mile of the undersize of your nose. The backside razor isn't just a coolness factor; it was birthed out of necessity.- Gillette has now taken its famed "give way the razor to get the blade revenue" business model (and the mother of all business analogies) to a price-gouging extreme. $25 for eight blades? (and that's the discount). What will happen is that shaver across the world will look for a way to extend the life of each blade. Gillette famously doesn't recommend when to change blades leaving the decision to each shaver (and, hey - Richard Nixon and I had different shaving needs, so how could they possibly recommend a standard). But - my reaction will be to double the tenure of each blade I put in play. I think others will consider the same practice.  