review/text: I am a mother of 4 children, ages 6-18 months. I have tried almost every lock, and this by FAR is the best lock out there. Yes, the lock is a challenge to open, but that is the point... and the best part is it's durability. I have six of these Safety First Flex Locks for almost 7 years and NOT ONE has broken. We moved a year ago to a house with many more cabinets in the kitchens and bathrooms, hence my search for a new lock began. I would have purchased these in the store but I cannot find them (they are not sold in Babies r us, Target, or Walmart.) I have had a terrible time finding them...if you can believe it, the manufacturers label is not on any of the ones I have, so I could not identify who made them! I have scoured the internet for an hour, hunting them down! So glad to see I can still buy them on-line.The best way I can describe this lock is by comparing it to 'rabbit ears'. There are 2 zip ties that loop around the knobs and come back down inside the lock. I am guessing the other reviewers were trying to push all 3 buttons at once to open the lock. That would be terribly difficult, but you only need to push 2 buttons to get the lock to loosen on one side (one 'ear'.) The lock would remain hanging off the other knob by the other ear, but that is ok with me - I am getting in to the cabinet temporarily so I am going to re-lock it anyway.I only loosen the left side of the lock to open the cabinets. To do so, I hold the lock in both hands. I push the left bottom button with my left thumb, while simultaneously pushing the middle button with my right thumb. Then - pull on the lock (while still holding the buttons down, which is easy as I am already clutching the thing with my thumbs against my palms) and it loosens off the left knob. If you want to remove the lock off the other knob, then you would just repeat the process on the other side. To lock it back I simply close the doors, then slide the bunny ear back over the knob and pull on the end of the zip tie until it is tight on the knob again.I recently bought the newer Safety 1st Push and Snap lock that have a similar 'rabbit ear' style zip tie but the lock is different; I guarantee they will be recalled in short order. All 8 I bought are broken - within a month of their purchase. There are many design flaws... on a couple of them the back falls off, so the little plastic zip tie falls right off the knob... then they cannot be snapped back together. Also the little buttons come off (a MAJOR choking hazard); both the 'lock' button on the left clip as well as the button on the right side. If the button on the left clip comes off the whole lock needs to be thrown out, but if the button on the right clip breaks the lock will still work but it can be opened very easily, so you will end up throwing it out as well. Hopefully you will find the plastic buttons before the baby does! I tried 3 other kinds of slide locks made by different manufacturers with a similar design... they have one bracket that a long horseshoe shaped sliding clip slides into, but they will not hold doors closed that have knobs. They are great for double doors that have handles (shaped like coffee cup handles) but if you have little pull knobs then a sliding lock will not work for you. With very little effort your child will slide the lock right off the knobs.Keeping the doors locked is difficult; no matter what you buy it should require you to use both hands to open. If you want to keep the kids safe, or keep them out of the TV cabinet, china, medical, chemical, toilet items, arts and crafts, etc...get these. They are the best and they will last forever!  