review/text: I had been using the Crest Spin Brush before breaking down and spending the money on this. My dad recommended it saying not only did he love how clean his teeth felt but his dentist had noticed a difference too. My job has me overseas for months to years at times and seeing a dentist can be quite difficult, so I decided to take Dad's advice and boy was he right. This toothbrush is amazing! It's like getting a professional cleaning every morning and night. I've had it for about 2 weeks now and noticed a difference the first time I used it. I tend to get noticeable plaque buildup between my front bottom teeth and have only been able to get rid of it when the dentist uses the scraper..until now. Just holding the brush there for a few extra seconds has started to chip away the buildup and after two weeks it's almost completely gone!!I've only used the Floss Action brush that came with it. Haven't tried the polisher because I'm not sure if there is special toothpaste to use with it or not. The book it came with isn't that clear about it. I've noticed some gum bleeding back where my wisdom teeth were but the instructions say it's common at first and that it's just toughening them up. It's really not a big deal. I haven't used the massage or soft features on the brush and probably won't but I'm sure some people might find it useful. Brushing the tongue and roof of your mouth is odd at first but you get use to it, although I'm not sure yet if I prefer it to a standard brush on these areas.In the description it says the recommended brushing time is 2 minutes and you move every 30 seconds to a new quadrant, but that actually equals 3 minutes (4 if you count your tongue and roof of your mouth). There's a diagram in the instructions that explains the areas and how to brush. The pulsing after each 30 sec interval is handy, as you can't see the screen when you're brushing. One thing that threw me was in the description where it said, "the smart plug automatically adapts to any voltage worldwide", leading me to believe that an adapter was included. It wasn't. You have to buy an adapter for it, which I should have figured but wish they would have stated that a bit clearer and possibly even offered a link to one when buying the product. My charging stand is actually in my bedroom hooked up to my transformer waiting for me to find/buy an adapter so I can move it to the bathroom. But if you're in the states it's not a problem. All in all a great product.  