review/text: I bought this drink more than excited after all the positive reviews that it had received. I opened up my package and mixed a scoop with cold water right away. Taste was bearable but the thought of all the good this could was going to do helped me put that behind me. I didn't notice a significant boost in energy but I felt a little better (after about 2 weeks) as far as gastrointestinal issues go. However at about week three this is when i started to experience problems, I began getting a small amount of brain fog everyday around noon, about 2 hours after I would consume my green drink. I shrugged this off as stress and continued to supplement with it regularly. I also began to notice a small uncontrolled muscle movements in my leg when sitting down. This progressed to my arms and other parts of my body. They were small, but they were noticeable. At about the third week the brain fog had increased and the jerking was also progressing. I had made no other changes in my diet nor were there any outside factors affecting me. I saw my doctor a few days later and brought a copy of the ingredients. Instantly he knew that this was the source of my problem. He said he could not say for sure which ingredients were causing it but I told him that gluten intolerance runs in the family and he was skeptical about the barley and wheat grass, even though Green Vibrance claims to be gluten-free. Being a previous nutritionist he said that harvesting the wheat grass could determine if it could contain gluten, since although the leaves do not contain gluten, there must be a guarantee that the leaves have completely matured, using up all the protein that the gluten intolerant are sensitive to in order to ensure that the product is completely gluten free. He said that certain extracts could possible be causing neurtoxicity and ataxia, and that certain herbs like ginko biloba can lower things like the seizure threshold, already damaged by the immune response to the gluten, which could be causing the muscle jerking. Now I have to discontinue immediately, a total waste of money and pay to get an EEG in a neurology. I am all for this product for people that it works for, just because careful of these products that "seem too good to be true", because they might just possibly be. One more note, after looking at several of the reviews I was curious as to the validity of all these reviews and wanted to see what other reviews people had posted throughout Amazon. I can positively say that over 90% of the reviews were the first reviews of the reviewer, which leads me to be a little skeptical. This is MY first review but I feel I am giving a little more insight rather than "THIS PRODUCT WORKS" or "THIS PRODUCT SUCKS". Take what these reviewers say with a grain of salt, it costed me money and part of my health but I plan to move on with a positive attitude. HAVE AN EXCELLENT DAY :)  