review/text: I've been suffering with a stubborn ringworm infection for the past 9 months. I've tried everything from over-the-counter creams to prescription topical and oral meds. Nothing has really worked. At one point my torso was completely covered front to back, as were the backs of my thighs, and I had a few spots on my arms, neck, calves, and between my toes. It spread so quickly I couldn't keep up with it, even with the prescription meds, and I used everything as directed religiously. The main problem with my infection is that it would appear to be responding to treatment, and then all of a sudden "jump" to a new area of my skin and flourish. As soon as one section cleared up, another section would get really bad, and it would take another two months to get it under control. Meanwhile, a new section would pop up, and so on. I finally got tired of going back to the doctor and decided to do some research on alternative remedies. I happened upon FungaSoap, and have been using it along with 100% tea tree oil for about three months with excellent results. I use the FungaSoap as an all over body wash once a day, and after I shower I apply the tea tree oil with a cotton ball to the affected areas. This combination helped get all current areas of infection under control, and I strongly believe the FungaSoap stopped the cycle of spreading. I am down to a few almost indistinguishable spots, with no new breakouts in over a month. I'll continue to use both products until everything is completely gone, and for a couple of months after that to avoid recurrence. I couldn't be happier with this product. I was desperate and embarrassed and dreading the warmer months, but now I can wear my bikini again with confidence.A note about the smell: if you're not familiar with tea tree oil, it has a definite "astringent" smell, similar to eucalyptus. Some people don't like it, but I think it's a "clean" smell. It's not overpowering (at the not the soap - the pure oil can make your eyes water), and at any rate is a small inconvenience to endure for the effectiveness of the product.  