review/text: I had a few deficiencies that needed fixing, I am not particularly fond of OTC vits. especially the gel cap ones as they often contain porcine gelatin.. this one contains bovine gelatin (I called the company to confirm) It was difficult to tolerate in the beginning and still if I take it on a light stomach (i.e with a cracker and juice) as opposed to a meal, it induces severe nausea and a miserable feeling that I feel the need to lean back a bit and close my eyes until the feeling subsides. Now the positives which are plenty starting with me not succumbing to severe depression for which I was prescribed some SSRI given my apprehension of pills that mess with brain chemicals and a thorough investigation on the ills of anti-depressants and how they fared compared to st. John's and placebo I figured the best choice for me was to find another approach to deal with the blues and I think the B complex in this vits. meets with the needs and even exceeds them, plus folic acid which any woman of child-bearing age thinking of becoming pregnant should be on at least a month in advance of conception. I am not quite there yet but I feel much better than where I started.I am not quite sure that this has fixed my vit D deficiency given my G.P prescribed a dose in the thousand, I figured that eventually it will square out given that this product contains 100% vit D at the 400IU range. (and it is a fat soluble vitamin) .. in my humble opinion it can be made better by adding the daily dose of Magnesium, calcium, phosphorus combo, but given how large those pills are and that I have to take them twice a day to meet with the recommended dose (and in some brands 5 pills instead of 2) I'd say it is near impossible to have fit them in one daily gel caps.I think this is an excellent product over-all.. I am not sure that vitamins have any outcome on longevity but they certainly do impact the quality of life, especially when something like iron or vit. D deficiency can really have some adverse affect on the day to day living.Yes I recommend this brand.. I think it is also quite a generous portion so you will get your money's worth.. I read here that they use pharmaceutical grade ingredients, I haven't personally investigated that, but I think that would really make this product ideal!  