review/text: I've been drinking the chocolate Pure Whey Stack for over four years now. Ever since I had a Lap Band installed it has been a daily part of my life. In fact my doctor made me buy a jar before I even went for the surgery so I'd have it at home during recovery. So I can speak with some confidence about this product.First, it takes a little getting used to. I didn't like it the first time I tasted it, and most don't. But after a few tries I really started to enjoy it. The use of cold vs. warm water makes a big difference, not only in the texture but in the taste. It really tastes different, and in my opinion better, when cold. Others swear by it warm or even a little hot (don't add hot water, it destroys the protein).The energy I get from it is fantastic. The chocolate also helps satisfy sweet cravings and keeps me feeling full. It really does work. And my doctor tells me (your mileage may vary) that I simply can't drink enough. If I'm hungry, no matter how many I've already had, have another one.My job requires lots of travel. I usually just fill a ziploc bag with enough Pure Whey Stack powder to make 4-5 shakes a day during the trip. I also remember to put a spare measuring cup (kept from a previously emptied jar) in the bag as well as a battery hand mixer likeBonJour Caf&eacute; Latte Frother, Battery Powered, White/ Gray. Get this one, not the one with the spring-like blade. It is weak. This one mixes shakes quite well and is fantastic for travel. Just remember to take the batteries out - from personal experience, a vibrating suitcase gets more snickers and sneers than you can imagine.I tend to treat myself. I usually make this mix in a high-walled glass:2 level scoops of chocolate Pure Whey Stack1 packet of Splenda1 teaspoon of chunky peanut or cashew butterI mix that concoction up with myKitchenAid KHB100OB Hand Blender, Onyx Blackand it takes about 8 seconds to mix thoroughly. It tastes like a peanut butter and chocolate milkshake. Plus the fat in nut butter supposedly helps with protein absorption. Its worth a couple of carbs and a little salt for the flavor and fullness.Buy the 5 lb. jars - they're far more economical.  