review/text: The Body Back Buddy is by far the best hook massage tool in my collection for a number of reasons.First off, I also own the standard S-Hook as well as the Theracane and from my experience with all three, this one is the winner by a long shot.The S-Hook's main advantage is the ability to take it apart, which makes it very compact for travel purposes. But even still, I like to take the BBB with me unless compact space is absolutely critical.The Thera-Cane's main advantage is its simplicity. It is one-sided and fairly light-weight compared to the BBB.Now for the real review, the Body Back Buddy has many advantages over the above mentioned tools.- 11 knobs in assorted sizes and shapes from small to round to pointy- Large enough to command and control comfortably- Handles are angled for better leverage compared to other tools- Can use on practically every muscle group from abs, chest, shoulders, whole back, quads, hams, feet, neck, etc...- Great conversation starterSummary:When I say I take my BBB with me everywhere, I mean EVERYWHERE! It's that awesome! I'm at a computer for 10 hours-a-day almost every day and before I found the BBB, I had a hard time releasing tight muscles and trigger points. Although I did have the S-Hook and Theracane, I found myself not using them as much as I do the BBB. My best guess is that it just wasn't as effective and I quickly got tired of effort required. It's true that you can use your body weight and larger muscle groups to leverage the pressure on the aforementioned tools, but the BBB is just much better at it.I especially love the pointy knobs for really digging into deep trigger points in the back, shoulder and feet. The center knob does a great job of releasing tension in the Multifidus muscles along the spine all the way up to the back of your neck.TIPS:- I highly recommend picking up The Frozen Shoulder Workbook and the Trigger Point Therapy Workbook if you're serious about learning how trigger points affect your body. The combination of the BBB and those books make a highly effective solution if you suffer from musculoskeletal issues. This combination helped me recover from a severe snowboarding accident as well as empower me to help myself AND learn about my body.- There are so many creative ways to use this tool, years later, I still discover new uses!- Try using the handle knobs to get your chest, abdomen areas. I've noticed that people often just ignore the handle knobs, myself included in the beginning.- Breathing is crucial to getting that "release" or "squishing" on trigger points. Try to breathe and massage synergistically, focusing on expanding the area you're working on with the breath.  