review/text: I sent this to Norelco and asked that it be passed on to the engineering and marketing people who created this product.I hate this razor! I used to have a 5814XL that finally died. It was one of many Norelco razors that I have had for over 35 years. When I needed to replace the 5814XL, I bought the 8825XL and after using it for 7 months, have come to despise its ability to provide a close shave. Here are my comments on that deficiency as well as others:1. Even right out of the box, this shaver did not provide as close a shave as the old 5814XL.2. I suspect that in order to make it easy to clean, the cutting mechanism was modified to emphasize chopping the hairs up very finely. In fact, I observe that the debris is indeed smaller than in the 5814XL. Unfortunately it is so small that it falls out of the holes in the cutter heads thereby making a mess in the bathroom. I think this may have compromised the ability of the 8825XL to shave close.3. The removal of the AC-DC converter from the shaver body to the cord is a mistake.4. The cord becomes unwieldy to store especially in the pouch. The converter plug is so heavy, it falls out of any socket that is a bit loose. This is especially a problem when shaving with the cord attached.5. The cord with its huge plug does not coil well. The presence of the plug prevents the cord from being curled into any sort of small ball. In fact, the stiffness and direction of the exit of the cord from the plug prevents the cord from being even closely wound around the plug. This means that the cord and plug have effectively become twice as large.6. Presumably the point of removing the AC-DC converter to the plug was to reduce the size of the shaver body. This was probably due to some styling guys wanting a "sexy" shape. The shape is also a problem. The shaver wants to tip over when stored on a shelf on its back. Clearly the engineers noted this and added the two vestigial bumps on the back. That this was an afterthought is clear since the bumps are so small - the result of ensuring that the plastic housing ejected easily from the mold during production.7. The adjustment wheel does not stay in the N position. There is not enough friction to maintain that setting. It constantly wants to move toward the S position.8. The desire to have the head on a hinge has also caused problems. The detent that holds the hinge in the shaver body is not big enough. Sometimes when I open the head to clean it, the spring action of the hinge and the smallness of the detent result in the head actually flipping off of the shaver. Once this resulted in all of the head guts coming out. As a result, I am no longer sure that the cutters are matched up. However, do not attribute the lack of closeness of shave to this happening. It did not shave close even before the head popped off.9. Since you have designed the head to flip open, the plastic cover that protects the head during storage no longer has threefold symmetry. As a result one has to look to see that the cover is oriented correctly. That is really dumb!10. The detents on the protective cover are not strong enough. The cover wants to pop off particularly when you try to put the shaver in the storage pouch.11. The storage pouch that provided is hard to use. It appears to be too small, although I think this would not be the case if the protective head cover were more secure and if the cord coiled more neatly with the huge plug.I have now purchased a Norelco 6863XL. It works really well and I am pleased. Therefore, please note that the combination of marketing and styling has really worked to the detriment of function in your more top-of-the-line shavers.  