review/text: I have used the 8585 for over a month now. I have a heavy beard and have owned Braun's 4000 and 7000 series shavers. I find the 8585 the best shavers I have used so far. The shave is closer and requires relatively fewer strokes across my face.The shaver is lighter than the 7000 series and a bit narrower. It is easy to hold and maneuver.What I like best:- by using the base unit which holds the razor, the razor is always at peak battery potential which means you get the best power possible out of the razor- similarly, the cleaning system keeps the razor free of beard stubble which means there is no/little if any beard stubble that falls into the sink that I have to clean up, and the cutting edge remains as sharp as possible- the self-cleaning system is very easy to use. In the descriptions of other reviews it was never really clear how it could work. Yes, the system determines somehow the level of stubble build-up automatically, and yes, sometimes I wonder how accurate it is but the real value is that this monitoring function is just that. The system does not initiate its own cleaning. The user does which means that I don't have to clean the razor everyday. I activiate the cleaning cycle via the push button on the base once every other day. That means I will only need six cleaning cartridges per year, not 12 if you cleaned everyday. I find cleaning every other day is perfect.What I do not like:- Just as the manual states, the cleaning function does not work efficiently if you use a preshave. I had been using a preshave. The cleaning system was not able to do a thorough job cleaning. Of course, I did not understand why until I read the manual. So I stopped using a preshave and it took a week or so for me to get used to not using a preshave and now I am content without.What I disagree with:- the manual says it is strongly recommended that you shave prior to showering or washing your face. I totally disagree. I have tried not washing with soap and hand towel and my shave was awful. I shower and wash my face prior to shaving. I make sure I wait a few seconds to make sure my face is dry after using a towel.  