review/text: UPDATED COMMENTS:As an update to the following original review, I want to soften the below negative comments about error messages in the HEM-711AC. After doing more research and testing, I find that blood pressure measurement is a tricky process that can go wrong for a number of reasons. I now believe that the numerous error messages I was getting were due to not getting the cuff over the brachial artery (partially based on incorrect customer service advice) and because of keeping my elbow too low.The brachial artery is on the inside third of the elbow crease on both arms. Customer service told me that it is on the outside of the left arm and on the inside of the right arm. However, my son in medical school, and some gross anatomy dissection photos, indicate that this artery is symetrically located on the inside of both arms.Regarding elbow height, the elbow should be level with your heart -- heart high. If you are tall or are using a low table, put a couple of books under your elbow. Ever since making these two corrections, I have not had any error messages. Although Omron does give a lot of helpful tips, they did not cover my problems and even gave somewhat misleading advice. However, they did diligently inspect and calibrate my unit twice, each time sending it back saying there was nothing wrong with it, but not really helping me understand what the problem could be.ORIGINAL REVIEW:I bought the HEM-711AC four years ago. For four years it worked fine, but now I get unspecified error messages at least 50% of the time. This morning I got 9 errors on 10 tries. And this is after I have returned the unit TWICE to Omron repair with a detailed log of my readings and error messages. Each time, they sent it back saying it checks out perfectly. Last time they even included a new cuff. The first day back, it gave four good readings, but today, it gave errors nine of ten times. I have noticed that one or two other reviewers of other Omron monitors have mentioned this for some other Omron models. I am mystified because I am a savy user who knows who to position the cuff, etc, and had four years of successful readings, so I don't think I am the problem. Don't know where to turn next. Probably should just buy a sphygmomanometer and stethoscope. Discouraged and disappointed with Omron.  