review/text: I started putting together my own pocket survival kit before coming across this package, and purchased one to complete the items my own kit ... it was cheaper than buying the few items left individually! This is an incredible deal, and contains a great assortment of items while still keeping its weight and bulk very low. I wish I had found it sooner! There are, however, a few things I recommend adding:1. The most essential item missing is a flashlight. I added a Photon pinch light, only 0.2 ounces and very bright. Red is the best color for survival for a couple reasons; it is visible from the farthest distance, and gets significantly better battery life (they claim 40 hours).2. Iodine tablets such as Potable Aqua will ensure you don't ingest contaminated water while waiting to be rescued.3. A bag to contain water for treatment and transporting. I tested and chose an oven bag from my kitchen drawer, and marked the 1 liter point so I use the right amount for treatment. Also add a straw -- drinking out of a bag is tricky and straws weigh next to nothing.4. A space blanket, cheap and only 2.5 ounces, will make cold nights much more bearable.[optional] Not essential, I added a small folding knife (Gerber LST Ultralight, 1.2 ounces) in the event that I become separated from my other knife. The small bulk and weight of redundancy is worth it to me for peace of mind.[optional] Another optional addition is minimalist first aid. Not a whole kit, but a few basic items in case, let's say, your first aid kit is in your backpack and you become separated from your pack (I carry the survival kit in my pant pocket). Keep in mind that the clothes on your back can serve many first aid purposes.It is false security to carry a survival kit without knowing what's in it. Inspect each item, and think about its purpose or even test it. Then add items to customize the kit for your activity, your location, and you as a person. If you are allergic to bees, for example, antihistamine capsules are an obvious addition. Perhaps the area you're traveling to won't have great fishing, but snare wire would prove invaluable in a survival situation. Learn the skills necessary to use everything in the kit, and know the steps to survive and be rescued.  