review/text: I used to own an, Epilady, the coiled hair remover; I bought it brand new when they first came out. I used it for awhile, it removed the hair on my legs pretty well, but, OUCH! It really hurt, but when it comes to being without hair on my legs, I will put up with just about any discomfort. The problem was, I could not use it on my under arms, it would catch and pinch my skin. I also had a difficult time with ingrown hair; so you can see where this is going, I quit using it, and finally gave it away a few years ago, (funny thing, it still worked after almost 20 years of sitting). Then a friend gave me her Phillips brand epilator, (she used it once, couldn't take the pain), it was okay, but it took awhile to completely remove all of the hair on my legs. This unit had a cord, and transferable head for a razor attachment, just like this Emjoi product does. I kept getting ingrown hair, and stopped using the tweezer attachment, and just used the razor part. My daughter wanted to try the tweezer head so she asked me to give it to her, so I gladly obliged. So here I am again, I've decided to give epilators another try, mainly because the cost of razors, and the awkwardness of shaving in the shower. I liked the fact that this unit is corded, I don't lose power like I would with battery operated ones. I thought about buying a Braun, but the heads didn't look very big, and I don't want to be spending so much time removing hair. I decided on this model, Emjoi AP99, because of the 36 tweezers, and it is corded. I am glad I did, it made short work of the hair on my legs, 20 minutes on the first try; it hurt some, but now the pain is minimal. I have used it on my under arm area without the skin getting caught, works fine. I have not gotten any ingrown hair, I'm sure because I listened to all of the greats posts on this forum suggesting exfoliation, with a loofa, or salt scrub, or Glycolic acid lotions. I expected to have a few small hairs left, but so far my skin feels like I've shaved my legs with a blade razor, (I don't expect that to last though, and I don't really care if it doesn't). I am so happy with this product! It doesn't have a light, but I don't really care about that. Mind you, I am a fair skinned, with dark brown hair on my head, but my body hair is not thick and dark, it is medium brown and not too thick; so for someone with thick, dark hair, I couldn't really tell you if it would work as well as it has for me. I bought this product elsewhere, not even thinking about buying here on Amazon; one day I decided to look, and it was here, so when it goes out, I hope they still have it, because the price is great! Hope this helps, and good luck to you.  