review/text: I bought this product to help dissolve liver stones prior to completing a liver flush. My gall Bladder was removed 13 years ago and I have had trouble with liver stones ever since. A month prior to using this product I started taking bile salts to help with digestion problems, which it did. I also noticed the bile salts were starting to break up stones in my liver after about a week. I bought this product to help speed up the process. I started with 4 a day as the instructions stated and that turned out to be too much. I woke up with intense heat and burning in my liver and several stones moved into my common bile duct. One was large and very sharp. It was painful and difficult to pass. I took several doses of Epsom salt throughout the day to relax my bile duct to allow it pass. If it had not passed after taking the Epsom salt, I knew it would require an ERCP procedure to remove the stone. I had no idea that I had so many large stones. I cut back to 1 a day after that episode and after a week started taking two a day. I have been taking the malic acid for about three weeks now and I am still passing stones and/or pieces of stones. I will continue taking this product until I have no more symptoms of stones. Ongoing, I will continue to take the bile salts for digestion and to prevent more stones from forming. I have completed several liver flushes over the years, but they have not been very effective. At best they stopped the congested feeling and I passed some small stones. Taking the bile salts and this product effectively dissolved the stones. Please be careful. Real liver stones are not soft. They are hard as their name suggests, and they can be very sharp and painful to pass. They can also get stuck in your common bile duct which can become an emergency procedure to remove. If you have liver stones proceed slowly in the process of dissolving them. It is highly unlikely that you can pass a golf ball size stone as some have stated when completing a liver flush without it becoming an emergency situation. The average diameter of the common bile duct is 4 to 6 mm and it can only stretch so far. Also, be careful with the amount of Epsom salts you ingest when completing a liver flush. You can become dehydrated and have other other serious adverse effects. I prefer natural remedies when possible, but I know natural remedies need to be used with caution. The bile salts I am taking were purchased from Dr. Sandra Cabot's website. Hope this helps those who have similar problem.  