review/text: I moved from a SensorExcel (2 blades) to this and this one is much better.I had a full face of hair (I hadn't shaved in about 4-5 days), enough to start a beard. One slow stroke across each section of skin with this razor was enough to clear out the hair with more precision than the SensorExcel could after 3 or 4 strokes.That is: a *new* SensorExcel blade in the same situation (4-5 days worth of hair) did worse and resulted in at least 3 cuts on average (whereas this blade resulted in no cuts). So clearly the new design helps. It does exactly what the ad says: spreads out the pressure of the cutting edges to reduce (eliminate in my case) the effect of your skin wrapping around the blade and causing cuts.But I believe you must use this blade SLOWLY. If you have the full face of hair like I did, that would be about 2 square inches per stroke, then wash. You can look into the blade and see very easily how full it is because with all those blades stacked so tightly together all the hair stays on the surface.This makes it easy to clean, too. Just run your thumb down the blades and you will easily unclog them. Compare this to the SensorExcel: once hairs were stuck in the abyss, they were usually there for good, requiring frequent blade changes. Hopefully this means the expensive blades will last longer (and thus prove to be worth the expense).This razor *is* an example of improvement via technology. I cannot agree that it is *revolutionary* but it is a good idea and it *is* the best razor design (I'm comparing to double and triple razor designs, which I have used in the past). So it isn't the best on a revolutionary scale but it is the best.This razor's product execution was also an example of ridiculous marketing strategies gone over the top and if you want a laugh (or to be offended by the sheer obfuscation of information via distracting animations, interface, and sexual innuendo), I suggest checking out its website. The company could have made a greater profit had they foregone the ridiculously over-interfaced website because I doubt it convinced anyone. My first thought on entering was "do I have to defeat the first boss before I can see their explanation for why a Power version of my razor is better?" Along with the handle and cradle design, I would call it one of the most absurd and gaudy product executions I've ever seen.However, the company luckily stumbled upon the best razor design in the process.  