review/text: There are many benefits to using probiotics and as they have been mentioned in other reviews, I won't repeat them all.I started taking this probiotic due to the recommendation of my Chiropracter for my overall health. At that time, I had no inclination that this product would affect such a postive change specific to seasonal allergies. It was only after a few years of observation that I was able to make the connection.I have used three Garden of Life probiotic products, and I have reviewed each of them. I tend to rotate the use of each depending on price, and whether I want powder, capsule or caplet at a particular time.IMMUNITY BASICS:I have found out that about 80% of our immunity is located in the gut and if you don't have a good ratio of good bacteria to bad, then you have a problem.The problem can manifest itself in many ways, one of which are allergies. More about that a little later.WAR OF THE BACTERIA:War is hell, even for bacteria. These entities literally fight for territory in your digestive tract, including the lower instestines. Part of the territory they are battling for are specific receptors to which they bind. It's like musical chairs to them. So what is important here is that you have enough friendly bacteria so that they won't be overrun or annihilated by the enemy (bad bacteria). That you have enough good bacteria to fight and win that spot on the receptor. That you beat down the enemy and minimize, if not eliminate their numbers.BACK TO THE ALLERGIES:I suffer TERRIBLY from seasonal allergies and have experienced both in Texas and Virginia. My symptoms are severe and relentless. In Texas, it is flu-like, if I went outside for a walk, my nose and eyes would water, stuffy nose, etc., and I would have to take to my bed. This lasts for weeks. In Virginia, I have relentless coughing.I have found relief using probiotics in both states. I prefer homemade Kefir with raw goat milk simply because I LOVE kefir, but when I don't have access to that, I use GOLPD.My solution is to start my probiotic regimen no later than December, if I have not been taking them throughout the year. As a result, I have kept a steady flow of the friendly bacteria in my system for at least 2 months. IF, and I say IF I do this religiously, I DO NOT HAVE ALLERGY SYMPTOMS.And when I followed the regimine and then skipped a year, I fouond that I again suffered terribly. This is how I figured it out, the HARD WAY.For me, I take anywhere from 3 to 6 per day but I would advise you to start out slowly, perhaps one per day and then work your way up from there. You have good and bad bacteria battling it out and if you get too agressive, you may very well get bloated and suffer from digestive distress. Need I go into graphic detail?Now, while the kefir not only solved my allergy problem it also regulated my bowel movements (I hope that this is not too much information). Although GOLPD does the same for some people, it did not have that particular effect on me, but it is still doing me good.Everyone's system is different and each of us has a different set of native bacteria, fungi and such based upon our life history, so one size may not work for all. Some may need to take more pills than others, or maybe a different mix of strains of bacteria and yeast. Or perhaps a probiotic by a different manufacturer, or two probiotics from two different manufacturers.You just have to figure out what works for you using trial and error and by listening to your body.These pills are the caplets, but to me the powder or the Garden of Life Primal Defense Ultra Ultimate Probiotics Formula capsules get down the hatch a lot easier.I hope that this helps.UPDATE April 2012:I got one or two of these pills stuck in my throat. I drank about a quart of water, coughed and retched something terrible before they would go down, about 20 minutes is what it took.I had taken these pills for years and this is the first time that has happened. I think that a pill went sideways down my throat.Now, I just dissolve 5 pills in about 4 oz. of water and drink it down that way.  