review/text: I used this stuff back in 2006 When a had a little trouble with a couple of cold sore outbreaks. The H Balm outbreak eliminator was absolutely useless. Made the sore sting, stinks to the high heavens(very odorous) and maybe helped healing by a day even when I used as directed. Hard to use this stuff in public or work because it has a very strong odor. After, I used the H Balm Daily which is oilier and supposed to prevent outbreaks and soothe lips. Nope got another outbreak about two months later, once again when used as directed. Winds up drying out your lips when used as directed, it has no emollients, offers no SPF protection, so your lips cook when in the the sun because it is oily. You will have to use a secondary protection and moisturizer stick. Wound up going to the dermatologist for the problem and she got me straightened out right quick. 2012 and no outbreaks since. Let me clue you if you are not sure about Herpes. It is a virus plain and simple. not a very nice one either. It replicates quickly. When it attacks the lips it is usually HSV-1, when it attacks the genitals it it HSV-2, but either one can attack the mouth or genitals depending on how you contract it, through, touching, drinking or eating after one who has an active sore, kissing or sexual contact, including oral sex. Up to 80% of the American population have been exposed and are carriers, even if they are asymptomatic. Some get it and never pop a cold sore. Once you have either one it is your friend for life. There is no cure. When the virus runs its course it hides out in nerve endings, usually the trigeminal nerve ganglion if it's the mouth sore. Many things reactivate it, stress, irritating foods, lowered immune, UV exposure. Over time outbreaks become less serious as the virus weakens. You develop antibodies to the strain you have. Topical agents are mostly to heal the sore, but you have to fight Herpes from the inside. This stuff says it does that, but dabbing this stuff on three or four times a day is not gonna get the job done, it may for some, but not for others. Valtrex worked miracles for me. Doc gave me a script. I do not have to take it everyday. Late 2006 when I felt the second one coming, I took two 1000mg Valtrex. No blisters, no sore, just mild pain for a couple of days. Beauty. If you want to use H Balm and H Balm daily go ahead. personally I think it's a waste of time and money. It's overly expensive and overhyped.  