review/text: My 2 year old son and I love this potty seat! It is EASY to clean, fits securely on all toilets, even elongated, and my son can put it on and take it off by himself. We use it in conjunction with the Baby Bjorn step stool, which I also love. We have had other potties and this is the best, except for the Baby Bjorn Little Potty. The potty trainer plastic is hard but contoured to fit a small or large person - my 15 month old daughter fits on it, and so do I!! Hard plastic is more sanitary because it won't crack and gather germs like the padded kind. The urine splash guard does the trick with little boys until they learn to aim, but is not cumbersome for females, either. It actually helps provide some stability to the child. It is very nice not having to empty and clean a separate potty for him. The design is clean and nice, which is important to us because my kids' bathroom is also the guest bathroom, decorated to look like a spa in cool blues and white. The white seat doesn't stick out like a sore thumb or look overly cutesy or childish in a nice bathroom. We take the trainer seat on vacation with us and visiting relatives. A word of caution - be sure to use with a sturdy stepstool, because for most kids, getting off and on the adult toilet without assistance is hard without a stool and can be dangerous. However, if your child is scared of sitting up so high, go with the Little Potty. My daughter is scared of the adult toilet and likes the Little Potty, but my son wants to be "BIG" like us and use the adult one. If you end up needing a floor potty, go with either a one piece design or a design in which the 'collection bowl' can't be removed by the child while sitting on the potty. We had a 'royal' potty -TRASH! My son was scared of the red light that sensed urination or bowel movement, and freaked out when it made noise. The splash guard was bothersome to him, causing him to hurt himself more than once, and he frequently pulled it off in midstream, making a mess. He also pulled the collection bowl out from the front in midstream, and ended up peeing directly on the floor. Love the Baby Bjorn toilet trainer, stepstool combination!  