review/text: ok let me first start out by saying the end all thing, I am a transgender. No one would ever guess that I was born male because I look and sound female, I get clocked as female without a second glance. Now, the product, lets look at the label "Feminizing Breast Enlargement Pills and Cream Duo for Crossdressing, Transgender and Transvestite Men" Let me first start off by saying if your product cant tell the difference between Crossdresser, Transgender, and Transvestite, and calling all 3 men, then we have a bit of a problem. Ok the first is a crossdresser: wearing clothing traditionally associated with the opposite sex or gender, crossdressing is the action and transvestite is the person doing these actions. Transgender: a state of one's gender identity, example, if you were born female but identify as male (yes people there are FTMs as well as MTFs in the transgender community). Think of it as the old cliche of being a woman trapped in a man's body, scary accurate. Being transgender means you want to be full time the gender you relate to and live your life that way. While a crossdresser will dress up for kicks and not transition. If the product is confusing that, big chance it will not work.Ok now let's talk about gaining secondary female characteristics. This is done when the patient takes hormones and T-blocker(Testosterone blockers) because if you were born male, your body regulates T, so if the pills have estrogen it wont really do anything because the body will see the rise in hormones and compensate by producing more T. If this product could change your body structure like the proper hormones and T blocker, it wouldnt be over the shelf free for anyone to buy. The FDA wouldnt approve of it and pranksters would buy it to spike in their friend's drink as a joke, so that's actually a red flag there. So you really do need Rx drugs to do a transition along with a team of doctors that consist of your primary physician, Endocrinologist, and therapist.Bottom line, the product doesnt work. I tried it in vain when I was eager for transitioning but didnt want to go through the proper channels, it was time and money wasted with zero results. The proper way to do it, is to seek a therapist that is willing to help you and is experienced, you can find one online or though your LGBT community. Start there and dont waste your time with this product.  