review/text: FDA warned Jordan Rubin (Maker's Diet)Consumer Health Digest #04-25 Your Weekly Update of News and Reviews June 22, 2004 'Maker's Diet' author tied to illegal supplement marketing. The FDA has ordered Garden of Life of West Palm Beach, Florida, to stop making unsubstantiated claims for 'Q-Zyme,''Primal Defense,' 'Virgin Coconut Oil,' 'Fungal Defense,' 'FYI (For Your Inflammation),' 'RM-10,' 'Revivall Classic,' or other products. [Singleton ER. Warning letter to Robert U. Craven. May 11, 2004] The company was founded by Jordan S. Rubin, 'NMD, PhD, CNC,' who claims to have cured himself of 'intestinal parasites, severe Candida, extreme anemia, food allergies, diabetes, excruciating abdominal pain, chronic diarrhea, poor circulation, liver problems, chemical sensitivities, chronic fatigue, fibromyalgia, arthritis, insomnia, hair loss, prostate and bladder infections, irregular heartbeat, eye inflammation, and chronic depression.' Rubin's credentials have no legitimate academic or professional standing: * His NMD (naturopathic medical doctor) is from the Peoples University of the Americas School of Natural Medicine, a nonaccredited school with no campus. * His Ph.D. is from the Academy of Natural Therapies, a nonaccredited correspondence school that the State of Hawaii ordered to close last year. * His CNC (Certified Nutritional Consultant) comes from the American Association of Nutritional Consultants, whose only requirement for 'professional member' status has been payment of a $50 or $60 fee. The CNC requires passage of a test based mainly on the contents of books that promote nutrition quackery. Rubin's book, 'The Maker's Diet,' is number 14 on the New York Times list of hardcover advice books. The book's Web site states that Rubin 'uses Biblical and scientific resources to provide a uniquely holistic wellness program.' Entrepreneur Magazine listed Garden of Life as the fifth fastest-growing company in America, with 2003 sales of $43.2 million. log on www.fda.com search for Garden of Life  