review/text: I just completed the red cross Adult AED training course, and had the opportunity to train with this exact Philips device. The machine is very simple to use, and gives very clear and precise audio instructions while using it.I absolutely recommend an AED training course, or else at minimum reading the directions thoroughly BEFORE you ever are in a situation where you might have to use the AED, so that you are familiar and comfortable with the steps you would take in the unfortunate case that you would actually have to use the AED.I understand other reviewers' perspectives that the investment may not be 'cost effective', and that the likelihood that you would ever use it is very low and so therefore a 'waste of money'.Yes it is expensive, but you cannot really put a price on a saved life - it is priceless. And, the cost for the AED has come down significantly in the last year. If you can afford a Starbucks coffee every day, for example, then you can certainly afford to buy one of these.In my opinion, the AED provides a tremendous value as a worst-case precautionary measure.... Though the AED only works in select cases of fibrillation, and the strength of shock is lower than what an EMT can provide, the point of this AED is in cases when you have called 911, and help is on the way but NOT YET THERE.... it only shocks if after the device performs an analysis, it determines the shock is appropriate for the situation -- so you don't risk hurting the person in distress by using it, as long as you follow the simple directions (i.e. when it is analyzing and shocking, you and all other parties must stand clear and not touch the person who is being cared for).I also recommend learning or reviewing CPR skills and procedures so that you know what to do in the event that you need to provide care for someone else. If you ever use the AED, you will likely need to also perform CPR.Perhaps this is not true for everybody. But for me, in my own case, it is better to have the peace of mind that I try and do everything I possibly can to help aide and care for a person in distress.I hope and pray that this is the "worst" investment I have ever made as I hope to never be in a situation where I would have to actually USE the AED -- but if I ever do find myself where a person in my home is suffering from chest pain or becomes unconscious, I would rather have the AED on hand (and know how to use it) and take the chance that it might help them, but know there is a good chance it might not, but at least I know I did everything I could while waiting for the EMT to arrive.... than not have the AED as an option at all.  