review/text: The Tanita 2201 is not your average scale. With a few simple steps, you program data (age, height, gender) for up to two regular users. Then, stepping on the metal "footprints", you are measured for weight (to tenths of a pound or kilo, depending on the setting selected) and body fat percentage. The brief users manual accompanying the scale contains a simple chart to determine where your body fat percentage lies in relation to other people of your gender and age. Especially for people embarking on a diet, the Tanita offers encouragement for decreasing body fat percentage instead of only weight. Dieters who become frustrated when they've been "good" but haven't lost a pound can see in tenths of a pound that perhaps, yes, they HAVE lost weight.I am most impressed with the consistency of the Tanita. The digital scale I had prior to this could vary as many as three pounds as I stepped off, then on again. The largest variation I've encountered from such quick re-measuring on the Tanita has been two-tenths (.2) of a pound.The Tanita has a "guest" mode that can be set for a one-time or casual user. These figures are not stored in memory, but the feature allows for others to use the scale. Unfortunately, this particularly model does not have an easy "weight only" feature. You must always select your personal number (1 or 2), wait for your data to flash (age,height,gender), and then step onto the unit. While this only takes a few seconds, it can be annoying. The weight measurement is displayed almost immediately, while the body fat takes approximately five seconds longer. The time it takes to get these readings is minimal, but not nearly as quick as an ordinary scale.The manual says that this unit is not intended for "athletic" people. I don't understand why this is, because they offer no explanation. I fall into their definition of an athlete, and yet I've had no trouble with it.I love the Tanita. I recommend it highly for anyone who wants something more than the average scale. It makes a wonderful gift for either fitness buffs or the weight-conscious.  