review/text: This is one of those rare times when the cheapest option actually turns out to be the best. I will set this up by saying that I carried low and large. I am tall and have a long torso. I had debilitating Pelvic Girdle Pain (including the pubic joint) by the end of the first trimester that never went away. I had swelling in my legs and ankles caused by pressure in my pelvis. I had lower and upper back problems and had ongoing chiropractic care through my entire pregnancy. I needed good belly support! I purchased the Prenatal cradle and the Bellybra on Amazon. I already owned the McDavid waist belt (also purchased on Amazon) as I had been using it from time to time for lower back support before I became pregnant.The prenatal cradle was the most expensive option and simply a gawd awful contraption. It was not easy to wear under clothes or over clothes and did not offer relief. I found it to actually add to my discomfort. The elastic was too narrow and cut into my lower belly and sides. The criss crossing chest elastics showed even when wearing under my clothes. The vaginal support attachment was very stiff and dug into the tendons on each side (inner thighs). Going to the bathroom with it was a drawn out spectacle. It was not adjustable enough to fit my dimensions well. I returned it.The bellybra was my second favorite support and is a product I would use again. It was comfortable for part of my second trimester, but by the end of it (second trimester), the elastic was cutting into my belly and rolling/ riding up. Though it may appear to offer breast support, I did not find that to be the case. A bra is still needed, but the combination was relatively cool and comfortable (before I grew out of it)My favorite was the $12 McDavid neoprene waist belt. I wore the McDavid off and on through my entire pregnancy and it was the only support that *never* cut into my belly and was adjustable enough to fit for my entire pregnancy. I loved it so much that I wore out the velcro on the first one and ordered another one. I sometimes clipped a pair of wide suspenders to the McDavid belt for extra support. [...] This combination was adjustable and comfortable through the later parts of my pregnancy and could reasonably be concealed under clothing (though I would always wear the neoprene over fabric..like maternity pants or a bellyband). Once I put the suspenders on, I didn't have to take them off again and could put it on like slipping on a jacket. Just fasten the velcro in front and go. One additional advantage of the neoprene belt was that it kept the skin on my lower belly supported and moist. Combined with my religious use of Shea butter, I think this helped prevent stretch marks that would have been otherwise extensive.Was this review helpful?  