review/text: I purchased this produce base on Amazon's great review. I've used up 2 tubes, on my 3rd one, disappointed and became desperate for other options.Few months ago, my "area" flared up due to sitting too long on the stool plus bad constipation. It was really uncomfortable to walk around (no pain, just discomfort, so I don't think a "roid" yet, but it's in early development stage). I applied this product on right after I got it. It was the greatest feeling ever because it cooled the area down immediately. First day 3 applicants, next morning, my bowl movement were a piece of cake and the flare calmed down. I continued using it for the next few days and noticed that I "got to go" every morning, which was great. I stopped after a week because the flare was gone. Warning: the fragrant was unbearable; you can smell it in your dream "yuk". I was really embarrassed wearing that fragrant with me all day at work.When I was 28 weeks pregnant, I had developed 2 raisin size "roid" on top of the plum size flare. It was just extremely painful and so uncomfortable. I couldn't walk straight nor sat still. I applied this product on, more than 8 times per day, the cooling sensation helped with the pain but it didn't shrink the "roid". 1st tube was empty, and I abused the second tube due to its "cool" feeling, using more than 8 times per day. Started the 3rd tube in a short period of time. This 3rd tube has no to little cooling sensation, the fragrant was very light to none. I used it for one day, applied almost every 30 mins, the pain was still unbearable, I couldn't take it any more so I did the following: 5-10 mins sitz bath ($10 amazon) with Epsom salt ($2 Wal-Mart), equate hem suppositories ($5 Wal-Mart), TN Dickinson witch hazel wipes ($6walmart), witch hazel liquid ($3 Wal-Mart), and fiber advance gummies ($10 Wal-Mart), acetaminophen (100 count @ 500mg/count Wal-Mart) + this Mayinglong Musk which I squeezed every drop of it out from the 2nd tube which I dug up from the garbage bin, this one gave me back the cooling sensation which numbed the area temporary... Next morning, (which is today) "I had Dr appointment". The flare calmed, the pain was reduced, 1 of the "roid" was reduced in size as well, still painful but not as extreme as yesterday. Dr said from now until delivery, I might have to deal with the "roid" as it is really common during 3rd trimester pregnancy and the most important thing is the "sitz" bath.My conclusion is that this is a great product if you are at the early stage of developing "roid", once you have the "roid", this alone won't help. I personally think the suppositories + liquid witch hazel (using cotton ball) + sitz bath with Epsom salt + acetamophen + Mayinglong Musk would definitely a must. Liquid witch hazel is better because it contains 85% witch hazel, where as the wipes contain only 50%. With this Mayinglong Musk - hopefully you get the "working" tube, not like the 3rd one from the package I received. I gave it a 3 because it only helped during the early "roid" stage, bad fragrant, and one ouf of 3 tubes I received was bad.  