review/text: I've been taking a prostate care complex for a couple of years now. Something that contains saw palmetto, along with some other additives that help with prostrate problems. I've been doing well with it. Taking it regularly has reduced my getting up at night to hit the bathroom from around three times, to just one early in the morning. I was pretty satisfied with that. Then I discovered this stuff about a month ago. Though it is advertised as a supplement for cholesterol control, it also is well known to help with an enlarged prostate as well. Believe me when I tell you that as far as I am concerned, it is downright wonderful for such an aggravating problem. After just a couple of days of taking this mega strength formula once a day in the morning, (along with the complex), I started to notice that I didn't even have to get up early anymore. I mean this stuff now has me sleeping in like a teenager again. And I have not noticed a single side effect from its use. Just fabulous results. When I am out anywhere I am more likely now to be the last one that needs a mens room. Really guys, this stuff along with my regular prostate complex is the best one two punch I have discovered for dealing with getting on in years and putting more magazines in the bathroom. I take one in the morning along with the complex and that is all she wrote. In all honestly, I don't even know if it is necessary to take such a mega dose to get such good results. Or if I even need to take the complex along with it. I chose this blend for I like the brand, and the price is good. A 2 month supply in one bottle. Perhaps sometime I will play with the dose a little and see if one tablet every other day is enough. Or perhaps cut down the dose of the complex. But for now I am enjoying the wonderful independence of not always worrying about where the mens room is, and, sleeping in comfortably like I haven't done in years.In conclusion, if you have a similar problem I highly recommend a good prostate complex containing saw palmetto, along with Beta Sitosterol. All I can say is it's worked fabulously for me and I give it my highest recommendation... : )  