review/text: this is not a review of the product, but a short blurb about my experience with ordering this item from Brookstone, via amazon. My receipt is labled brookstone and the communications were with brookstone, through amazon. I rated the item four stars so as to not terribly skew the ratings.I tried to return an unused footbath. I purchased this item from Brookstone, through amazon.com. The package arrived as scheduled, shipped from Brookstone with a Brookstone receipt and no amazon receipt. My wife decided she did not need the item and requested I return it. I went through the amazon site which linked me to Brookstone customer service.I sent an email to Brookstone from the amazon website, inquiring about the return policy, this is what I received:"We want you to be satisfied with every item you purchase from us. If a product purchased at Brookstone does not meet your expectations, you may return it with a receipt either to a Store or to our Returns Processing Center within 60 days of purchase (some exceptions apply). All returns must be new, unused, and contain all original packaging and accessories. Returns made within 30 days of purchase with the original purchase receipt are eligible for exchange or refund.."So to me that meant I could take the unused Foot Bath in it's original container, to any brookstone, with my receipt to get a full refund. Let me just add that the item was shipped to me from Brookstone and not amazon and had a receipt labeled "Brookstone" with the return policy written on the back. The return policy was as stated above as well.So what happened was a flat out denial by the store manager to accept the return. I had to argue with her for several minutes about getting a refund. She said since i purchased it from Amazon, although through the Brookstone store, she said I couldn't exchange it. I even told her about the email i received saying that I could. I ended up having to call customer service while I was in the store. I was told that yes, indeed, I could return the item to any store. HOWEVER, if i returned it to the store, i could only get a store gift card and that I could only get my money back if I mailed it to them.So talk about "misstatements"....This was totally in contradiction to their return policy. Oh and by the way, while we were there, another customer was trying to return their foot bath.  