review/text: If you want the good effects of L Arginine look no further than this NOW brand powder product . First few days i used this i was so turned off by its rotten egg taste and smell that i gave up the powdered form for capsules. But i found the problem with capsules is, even though you may take it with water, by the time the capsule dissolves all the water had been already absorbed. So to facilitate arginine absorption you need to drink water continuously, that's my feeling. NOW Arginine tablets and Twin lab arginine capsules failed for me. The twin lab ones even gave me diarhhea at less than 2G doses. The effects of capsule arginine will kick in only after 2-3 hours, but with this powdered form you can feel a rise in Nitric Oxide, increased blood flow all over and that good feeling in the crotch within 30 minutes and no more stomach upsets.To overpower the putrid smell and taste, i place about 5 g of this arginine powder on my tongue and quickly sip it in with water followed by half a teaspoon of sugar spread over my tongue and mouth (you can even spit out the sugar after a few seconds) or instead of water i use the really sweet minute maid grape/cranberry juice.I take 5G right before i begin my morning exercise on empty stomach and it keeps me pumped for the whole 2 hours. I also take around 5G with each of the two meals i have per day and it seems to work for me, helping me with mood, pump and mr happy. Arginine effects are dosage dependent, so taking 5G gives more effect than a 2G dose.EDIT: Arginine in bigger doses will cause some kind of breathing difficulty, if you are not working out. Initially i found 5G doses to be great as it kept my blood pumping throughout the day. Make sure to do some taxing workout in the immediate period after a dosage to avoid any breathing difficulty. I have stopped taking this stuff as once the initial bleh feeling and taste gets copied into my memory its tough to forget it.In addition to that i have found something even better . Swanson vitamins passion line of herbal supplements especially the safer ones. I have been using Catuaba bark, Avena Sativa, Longjax eurycoma longifolia, Maca and Thyroid support (coleus forskohlii) all of these twice a day and its been good, but with insomnia in the absence of strenuous exercise.  