review/text: I know from personal experience if your gut is telling you to get one and you don't do it...I won't go into all the emotional part of my story ... But about 8 years ago, I thought about getting one of these but never did. Later in June of that year my father who was staying with me had heart failure. I knew CPR and started it right away, so when EMS got here about 12 minutes later they were able to use their defibrillator right away... without success. Had I had this defibrillator then, would it have saved my fathers life? I don't know for sure, but I sure wish I had had it then!!!!!!! So I'll just say IF you hear that inner voice telling you to get one...seriously consider it! If you do get one show everyone in the family how to use it, do a periodic refresher with your family, and keep it in a place where everyone knows where it is. Now I have one, to late for my dad, but there are others I need to look out for as well. I also would like to suggest that you contact your local hospital and take CPR and Heimlich courses and whatever else they offer! It's also a good idea to have a large emergency first aid kit, one that you may need to make up yourself...ask your doctor or nurse what to include...I have a couple large bottles of hydrogen peroxide, Iodine, eye wash, items for burns, etc. plus the normal items... rolls of bandage, tape, scissors, etc.. Try to cover all the common emergencies you can think of... just be sure to put it in a place a person can get to it quickly! If someone is bleeding heavily or has an eye injury, it's no time to have to try to locate the emergency kit!!! We keep ours in a 1st floor bathroom and we never put anything on top of it, so it can be found with our eyes closed, we also keep one in each vehicle. Back to this defibrillator, I have a nurse friend who told me it looked just like the one they have at the hospital. Also my family, who have no medical training, found the training DVD simple to understand. And this defibrillator will give you voice commands for the step by step procedure when activated. I have never had to use this on anyone, so I can not give you any report on my experience with this product in it's actual use. If you get one I hope you never have to use it, If you don't get one I sincerely hope you will never deeply regret that choice.A short video of this product in use http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=7331981255773156184&q;=Phillips+HeartStart+defibrillator&ei;=sA6MSM_DLqOm4QLZyuGOCA&hl;=en  