review/text: I wish I had known that products like this existed when I was pregnant with my son. During that pregnancy any kind of activity that required bending and moving, such as mopping, sweeping the floor, etc...was horrible for me. My back would hurt so bad afterwards that I would end up resting it the entire next day after such an activity. I had a really hard time functioning towards the end of my pregnancy.This time around I discovered this product around 4 months pregnant and decided to go ahead and get it so as to prevent going down the same road. I am so excited by how much this product has helped. I run a home daycare and am constantly moving around all day. Activities that require bending - sweeping, mopping, changing diapers, giving hugs, etc...are a huge part of my day every day. I need to work the entire 9 months so I'm so happy about the difference this product makes for me. I try to remember to put this on first thing in the morning before kiddos arrive. On the days that I forget to wear it, my back is exhausted by about 1:00pm. The days that I wear it I'm good for my entire work day, which is until 5:00pm. When I do take this off in the evening I can feel my body shift, meaning my belly falls forward and my upper body bends back to compensate. This is a concrete example of how much weight this support is actually taking off of my lower back.Now that I've gone on about what I love, here's the not so great things. It's a bit bulky. I feel a bit like I'm wearing armor and I definitely feel I need a rest period at the end of the day where I don't wear it. I don't think it could offer the awesome support that it does though without being a bit bulky, so this doesn't bother me at all. For some reason it causes my pants to slide down in the back. That can get a bit annoying. I may have to figure out some way to remedy this. Even with that though, it's still worth it to me. I'd rather have to hike up my pants a few times than have an exhausted lower back.The few things I listed that are not so great would probably be similar cons of any maternity support belt. Overall, I can't say enough good things. If you're thinking you need something like this, stop thinking and start purchasing. You won't regret it.  