review/text: I've been using electric razors for over 20 years now. I started out with the old Remington XLR (the blocky one they made for years), then used a Remington triple foil for 8 years (model TR400). The foils became difficult to find and the razor's battery was going bad, so I figured it was time for a new one. After much reading, I decided on the Activator 8585.The razor overall is good, but it doesn't shave as close as the old Remington TR400. The shave is more than adequate, but I find it can't shave as close around and under the jaw line like my old Remington. I can still feel a bit of minor stubble there that I couldn't feel with the Remington. The Braun does dramatically better than that Remington when I get a few days of growth though. I could never shave with that razor since it couldn't handle the longer growth; the Braun just plows right through several days growth with no problem. The mini cutters in the middle of the foils do the job wonderfully on longer hairs, and that alone makes the Braun a better overall design to my old Remington.The Braun doesn't irritate my skin the way the Remington did either. I never could shave 2 days in a row with the Remington without my face hurting a bit, but it's not an issue with the Braun. Does the trick foil design help? Personally, I don't see it being better than the traditional circular hole design in my Remington; I can't comment when compared to the Braun Syncro line since I've never used it.The battery life is impressive with this razor. Braun claims 50 minutes run time, and I'm getting that on my 3rd charge, if not a bit longer. The cleaning station is also nifty but personally not really necessary. I would have gladly gotten the razor with out it and saved some money if it were possible. The 'low battery' warning light is a nice feature, but I didn't get the "two or three shaves" that Braun claims after it came on. I only got one more shave. My guess is Braun assumes 4-5 minutes per shave; I typically take 7-8 minutes to get the closeness I want. I don't use any pre-shave lotions nor powders. Perhaps if I did it would help get a closer shave in less time.Will this razor shave as close as a blade, especially the Mach3? I don't think so. But, the shave you'll get is about as close as most electrics will get with virtually zero skin irritation. To me that's a good enough trade-off to stick with the razor and recommend it.  