review/text: L-Arginine is an amino acid that is a precursor, or building block, for many other bodily chenicals and functions. The theory is that if one increases the building block material, more of the functional chemical will be produced. There are many potental uses for L-Arginine:L-Arginine may promote muscle-building activity in the body by increasing levels of anabolic (growth-promoting) hormones such as insulin and growth hormone. There is much debate over whether L-Arginine promotes the release of growth hormone.L-arginine is the body's chief source for creating Nitric Oxide. Since Nitric Oxide is the chemical that allows the male to have an erection, L-Arginine supplementation is used to treat erectile dysfucntion. Some researchers claim that L-Arginine is as effective as Viagra in some individuals. Another sexual side effect is that L-Arginine may increase sperm count and increase sperm movement (motility).L-Arginine reduces healing time of injuries (particularly bone)L-Arginine may reduce the risk of heart disease by combating hardening of the arteries. It also aides the body in reducing adipose tissue (body fat).Some studies suggest that L-Arginine may help to decrease blood pressure.In summary, L-arginine shows promise in the treatment and prevention of cardiovascular disease (including atherosclerosis, hypertension, hyperlipidemia and angina pectoris), in the treatment of some forms of male infertility (may increase sperm count and motility) and some kidney disorders and it is helpful in accelerating wound healing in some circumstances. It has demonstrated some positive immune-modulating and anticancer effects. There is preliminary evidence that it could be helpful in some men with erectile dysfunction and in some others with migraine, liver disease and primary ciliary dyskinesia.Dosage for SupplementationL-arginine is available in tablet, capsule, and powder form and as L-arginine hydrochloride and free base L-arginine. It is also available in medical foods as an aid in the enhancement of immune function.Various doses are used depending on what one is trying to treat. For cardiovascular health reasons, doses from 8 to 21 grams daily have been used in divided doses. To help aid with sperm quantity and quality, doses of 10 to 20 grams daily have been used in divided doses. Doses of 5-8 grams daily have been used for erectile dysfunction. Doses of 1.5 to 2.4 grams daily have been used for interstitial cystitis (kidney function).Since the doses are quite high, it is best to purchase a large bottle of L-Arginine in high-potency capsules, such as 1 gram per capsule. Alternatively, for even larger doses, L-Arginine is available in powder form so that multi-grams doses can be ingested at one time.PRECAUTIONSBecause of absence of long-term safety studies, and because of the possibility of growth hormone stimulation, pregnant women and nursing mothers should avoid L-arginine supplementation.Those with renal or hepatic failure should exercise caution in the use of supplemental L-arginine. Consult you doctor if you have existing kidney or liver disease, as the liver has to break down L-Arginine, and the kidney must excrete it.Proteins of the herpes simplex virus are rich in L-arginine, and there are a few reports (mainly anecdotal) of those taking supplemental L-arginine who have had recurrences of oral herpes lesions. Although it is unlikely that those with a history of herpes simplex virus infection will have recurrences if they use L-arginine supplements, they should nevertheless be aware of this possibility.ADVERSE REACTIONSOral supplementation with L-arginine at doses up to 15 grams daily are generally well tolerated. The most common adverse reactions of higher doses - from 15 to 30 grams daily - are nausea, abdominal cramps and diarrhea. Some may experience these symptoms at lower doses.Personal use: L-Arginine is a safe supplement to take in large quantities. However, it is always best to check with your doctor before taking any supplement in large quantities. Discuss with your doctor why you want to take L-Arginine and then remain under a doctor's supervision while taking L-Arginine. Good luck!Jim "Konedog" Koenig  