review/text: I found that the pain is not that bad at all! Of course after the second to third time that is...I would say the ankles and underarms are the hardest part (very sensative areas for me at least). Regardless, the product is AWESOME! It is definetly worth for the smooth look (especially if you are wearing strapless dresses & need that silky clean underarm look). As for my legs--well, my boyfriend can't stop asking if he could touch them...yeah, he loves it too and is now suggesting the Silk Epil as gifts for his friend's girlfriends!Also, make sure you turn on the machine and get used how it works before getting it onto your skin. For me the sound and looking at how fast the grips would rotate scared the hell out of me, however, I came to learn it's bark is way harder than the tiny bite (more like a little sting as it pulls hair). If you've tweeze your eye brows you know the feeling. Enjoy the tips list- it was invaluable for me!! I still use many of them.Tips for first time users.1. Consider waxing the area a couple of days before using the epilator. This should help your skin be less sensitive to the pulling out of the hair.2. Exfoliate regularly to prevent ingrown hairs. (do not exfoliate right before or after epilating)3. Don't use it a few days before your period. Three days before and first three days of your period (since you're retaining water and skin is more sensitive).4. Epilate in the evening, so redness disappears overnight.5. Cooling the skin before with a cooling pad will help prevent irritation (cooling time should at least be 30 seconds but not exceed 2 minutes for the same area)6. Trim the hair to about 2 to 3 mm's before doing any epilating because the hair will temporary hang onto the rotary heads before being removed.7. Take some Tylenol before for pain reduction.8. Have a nice bath beforehand to clean your skin from oils.9. Epilator should be held in a 90 angle against the skin.10. Prep area with Bactine spray. (Bactin contains lidocaine, a topical anesthetic which numbs the skin a little, greatly reducing the amount of pain). Make sure to a couple of minutes for it to work before beginning.11. Have good lighting to see what you're doing.12. Pull the skin tightly as you shave.13. Be sure to go really slow up the leg. If you use it like a regular shaver it will only rips the hairs off at the surface, leaving you with broken hair and stubble will appear in a few hours.14. Use (fragrance free non-oily) moisturizing lotion afterwards for reduction of redness/swelling. Aloe Vera might be a good one. If your skin is swelling, you may consider using hydrocortisone cream.15. Consider using a toothbrush to clean the device as the brush provided is small  