review/text: I've been using eye masks for sleep for about 10-15 years, and been using the Bucky eye masks for the last 3 or 4 years, starting with their version of this item that covered the nose entirely. That piece was annoying, as it tickled your nose, so I just cut it out. Then I saw this version with the open nose, so I bought two more.Great product I thought. And it is, except the inner layer de-laminated from the neoprene foam after about 2 months of nightly use. The older masks where I cut out the nose part have held together after nearly 3 years of nightly use. The thin fabric that de-laminated became so annoying one night as it tickled my face that I just ripped it out. Unfortunately, the inner layer is sewn to the outer layer and when I pulled the inner layer off in the dark, it ruined the mask. Maybe I just got a bad one that was badly fused or glued. My wife's mask which I purchased at the same time is still good. I got the aqua blue one and she got the green floral pattern one.The neoprene masks have a cup shape that keeps it off your eyes. This is a nice feature. The instructions say you can place moistened cotton pads under the mask if you have a problem with dry eyes. Not sure if this is good for the longevity of the lamination. Also, the cupped shape will begin to get flatter after you wash it a few times, which is a reason for my purchasing a new one.Some reviewers have mentioned that the velcro strap is too bulky to be comfortable while sleeping face up. This is true, but I did become used to this after a while. Maybe a thinner velcro would do the trick. Also, the elasticity of the strap will become weak and stretched after a year or so, which is another reason for purchasing a new one. I guess if this mask was made to last a long time, the company wouldn't make as much money.As with all eye masks, it will slip a little while sleeping and let in light. This seems to occur around the nose area mostly. I don't mind realigning the mask from time to time. I also keep the blinds and curtains closed to keep the room dark, so it's not that bad when it does slip.Yes, there are issues with this product, but it's the best eye mask I've found. I will be purchasing a new one after typing this out.  