review/text: Yes, FIBER CHOICE tablets taste good. Yes, they work VERY WELL! And,unlike BENEFIBRE chewables, they do NOT contain three different types of sugar-substitutes, the combination of which is untried and untested, and could lead to disastrous results, (cancer, anyone?) Fiber Choice has two NATURAL, (as far as I know) sugars, (dextrose), the same as is found, (together with sucralose), in SPLENDA packets, and sorbitol. The flavour I have at present, (Assorted Fruit), also contains inulin, (a natural vegetable fibre), magnesium stearate, and natural flavours. Unfortunately it also contains artificial flavours, FD&C; Red 40 Aluminum Lake, FD&C; Blue 2 Aluminum Lake, FD&C; Blue 1 Aluminum Lake, and FD&C; Yellow 5 Aluminum Lake. Yikes! Could one drown in, (or get cancer, or Alzheimer's disease, from) all these "aluminum lakes"? Anything is possible...but since I do NOT intend to use this product forever...just until I lose enough weight so I can excercise more -- I will continue to take this product until I do! (And perhaps other varieties and flavours don't have as many artificial ingredients????)FIBER CHOICE is not my only defense! The old stand-bys, prunes and prune juice, still work so well! Coffee, too, is great for contipation, (really!) -- and decaffinated works as well as coffee with caffeine. So does any fruit or fruit drink, (I make LOTS of home-made lemonade with MINUTE MAID LEMON JUICE). I also read, (on Amazon.com, in their health article of health tips from AOL subscribers), that LIGHT KARO SYRUP, in WARM MILK, also helps. Hmmmm....I love coffee with LOTS of milk! Yep, LIGHT KARO SYRUP, in warm cafe latte, (swallowed down slowly, with two FIBRE CHOICE tablets), does wonders!Anyone familiar with DUAL ACTION CLEANSE, (which undoubtedly is all-natural, and undoubtedly works very well....but which is is also undoubtedly horrendously expensive!), and its TV commercials, is familar with the story of THOMAS PARR. He was born in 1485, and lived for 152 years! When he died, the King of England ordered an autopsy...and found Mr. Parr's colon to be clean as a whistle! But -- four hundred years later, in presumably "healthier" times -- the autopsy of poor John Wayne showed just the opposite! So -- even if one manages to escape heart disease, arthritis, cancer, Parkinson's, Alzheimer's, and other diseases usual to old age, here in the 21st century --the clogging of one's colonis still an ever-present danger. FIBER CHOICE is a delicious way to help fight this danger!I continue to look for healthy and natural ways to combat constipation. And FIBER CHOICE, (with twice as much fibre as BENEFIBER), is a big part of my arsenel!  