review/text: This is my chance to see if the reviews you read here are from real people that got the product.. :)I got this shaver a month ago..I was using a regular wet razor and got tired of having to run to work with a piece of toilet paper so I could clean the blood coming out of my face.It was also a pain in the butt having to spread the shaving cream, and then get rid of it every day.Now I am using the Spectra and I'm very happy with it.The instructions tell you to give up to 3 weeks for your face to get used to the new shaving system.But in my opinion, it is just a way for them to make you LEARN first how to use the machine. I did not notice any differences in the skin or shave after the "getting used to" period compared to the first day I used the Norelco.But I do not mean that there is no difference in the skin.You feel the skin a lot better and softer after the fist shave with this system vs. the razor.I am still learning how to get the best shave with it.I have shaved my face to the point that I got a CLOSER shave than the razor a few times. And other times I get a just OK shave, but not as close as before.I think it depends on how the hair reacts to the machine any given day.Sometimes I spend more time to get the same results as other days. But no more than 5 minutes.I always used it in normal mode. This way it is supposed to be the fastest.My tip to you would be this:The instructions tell you to shave with your face clean.But if you shave right after taking your daily shower, is like your face gets humid and less slippery for the Norelco.I had better results with my face really dry. So I clean my face the night before and shave when I wake up, before taking my shower. This way I have my face clean and really dry.Sometimes you have to make more than a gentle pressure with the heads on your face to catch and cut the hair closer.I got some irritation in my lower part of the neck a few times... it is a little difficult to catch the hairs in that area.. may be because the skin is softer in there.The battery last a lot.It is a very practical machine, and comes with a pouch so I can shave the mornings I wake up at my girlfriend's home.No more blood for me. But take care with your lip. Once i catch it a little with the spectra and got a bad feeling in it for a few days.I think that with some more time, I will perfect the technique and always get the shave I want with the Spectra 8825XL.I recommend this machine to anyone. It is great.Sorry for my bad English.. I speak Spanish.Good luck!!  