review/text: I am a dark haired, fair skinned gorilla...opps I mean woman. I am very hairy. I have used the Braun epilators for years and have learned a few tricks that I want to share.First - before you do this the first time, take other reviewers' advice and wax first or shave the day before. You'll have SIGNIFICANTLY less pain if the hair is just detectable with your fingers running across your skin. And take an advil about an hour before, too. And don't do it when you are close to getting your period - your body is more sensitive to pain then - wait until after. Don't put any lotion or oil on your legs the day you epilate. Lotion and oils make it harder for the epilator to grab the hair. As other reviewers have said, it is truly painful the first time. But you really will feel less and less pain each time. I don't even feel anything except a mild massaging when I use it now.If, after your first time, you let the hair get longer than 1/16th of an inch, you should trim (not shave -- I'll explain why in a second) it before epilating or put up with a bit more pain.Exfoliate at least a few times per week in the shower. I have also found that using a body lotion with AHAs helps keep ingrown hairs away. My favorite is Alpha-Hydrox brand body lotion with 7% AHA because it works, moisturizes well and is not expensive. If you have trouble with ingrwons despite this, get some Tend Skin.Once you start epilating, DON'T SHAVE AGAIN! If you do shave, expect ingrowns. This has been my experience. I gave up shaving and now only epilate. I have not had an ingrown in over two years. And it was a tiny one.Now that I am so used to the sensation and no longer feel pain it does not take long to do my full legs. An hour at most. I sit on a towel and do it on a weedend afternoon. I get great, quite smooth results if I have exfoliated my legs (with scrubby gloves) earlier that day. Exfoliating gets any tiny hairs to "stand up" so they are easier for the epilator to grab.Make sure you clean off your braun every time you finish epilating! I have a tiny bottle of alcohol. When I am done I shake off the epilating head and brush out as much hair as I can., Then, I spray it with alcohol and let it air dry. If you use a dirty epilator you'll end up with red bumps, more ingrowns, and irritation.After years of epilating my leg arm and bikini hair has become softer, finer and grows back more slowly. It works -- just not instantaneously.  