review/text: I've been around the world and back in the supplement world. From designer supplements to fad supplements. To trying different so-called miracle supplements. I have found out through all the supplements I've tried and all the results I've had and all the money wasted, that there are only 3 supplements that will ever do anything worth while for muscle building for the money you pay:1) Whey Protein2) Creatine3) Beta AlanineAll the other stuff you hear about is basically based off these 3 ingredients. Those that are riding the bandwagon of pre-workout supplements like Jack3d, well the majority of those are based off on caffeine (which is cheap and easy to get), beta alanine (which can be bought separate and cheaper), and AAKG (the so-called pump cure which in fact does nothing). You have your other supplements that are filled with who knows what and causes side-effects and very little actual muscle building. Why do I mention this other stuff? Well your hard earned money is going to this other trash according to top sellers on places like bodybuilding store sites. Creatine and Beta Alanine are great. But Whey Protein is a must. I say "whey" and not just protein because I am talking supplements. Obviously, if you can't man-up and eat lbs of chicken or other clean meat along with complex carbs like potatos, oatmeal, and pasta daily for months and months straight, don't bother with whey protein. However, whey is great because it can be used before and after gym and waking up. I use it even before sleep but then you will get the casein crowd telling me I don't know what I'm talking about even though I walk year-round at under 10% bodyfat and have a 515lbs deadlift.So back to why this is great. It is clean and has a decent profile for the money. I have used Isoflex by AllMax nutrition that has a far superior profile but you pay for that (27 g protein for 30 g scoop = 90%+ protein per serving). Optimum only gives you about 80% at best of protein per serving. Not talking about the name guys (100% Whey Gold), but the actual product based on serving scoop/protein amount ratio.Bottom line, I have tried every flavor of ON Protein and 2 of the 16 or so flavors suck badly. However, Extreme Milk Chocolate is where its at. Never puked it beforee and it does nothing but slowly, but consistently pack on the muscle.Sorry for long review, but I hate seeing people get suckered into crap supplements and wondering why they still look the same after years of training.  