review/text: I purchased a Braun Activator 8585 about 1 month ago. I am trying to understand the logic behind the cleaning system (other than having to pay a monthly maintenance fee). The box mentioned something about a computer chip. I believe that the programmer must have been sleeping when he programmed the chip in my charger.I have the following problem with the cleaner.I have a full beard. This means I only shave the neck (about 1 min per shave). My hair is blond and thin. I always take the foil off and clean after each shave. In other words there should be no strain on the shaver and the area that I shave is probably 1/5 of a typically shave. On Thursday after a shave the unit went thru an "Intensive" cleaning cycle. I shaved again on Friday. On Friday night the unit showed "ECO". I did not shave on Saturday and the unit showed "Normal". I woke up on Sunday and the unit showed "Intensive". Just to recap, I shaved my neck ones after an "Intensive" cleaning cycle and the unit went from "ECO" to "Normal" to "Intensive" all by itself. Braun should let the user select the cleaning cycle.I have the feeling that the shaver was invented and programmed to make Braun more money in-between shaver purchases. How can one justify $10 for 10 oz of cleaning solution when the production cost is probably pennies per oz? How can you make a customer believe that the shaver needs an intensive cleaning after 1 min off shaving? Where is the logic (lack of logic)?BTW I do not see any difference in shaving between my $60.- Braun 5520 and this new shaver.Bottom Line:I have always liked Braun Shavers (I owned about 5 so far). I give the shaver 4 stars (still some stray hair that it doesn't shave); the cleaning unit 2 stars (lack of logic) then deduct 1 star for the price of the shaver and deduct one star for the price of the cleaning solution.I would suggest buying a Braun XP Flex for $50 with a yearly cost (cutter head every 18-24 month) of about $15 vs the 8585 for $140 and a yearly cost (cutter head plus solutions) of about $80.  