review/text: First of all, this product is only for people who prefer quad-canes to regular ones.The pluses of quad-canes in general are this:- They provide more support- They can stand up on their own and do not need to be hung on a rack or chair- People, like me, who have knee problems, can use the base of the quad cane as a rest for their foot so that they can keep their bad legs straighterThe minuses of quad-canes are:- They are heavier- They take up more space and cannot be folded- One has to be cautious not to step on the base or kick it while walkingAfter you have weighed which kind of cane is right, you might consider whether this particular quad cane is right for you. The pluses and minuses of this product, based on my experience are:Pluses:- This particular quad-cane is quite light- It is adjustable height (I am 6'4" and I do not even use its full height)- It has a handle that provides a good grip- If it is used properly, it is quite durableMinuses:- If you don't use canes properly, you will want a stronger, heavier model. For instance, this cane's base only has a plate on top of the four legs, not below. Hence, it is lighter, but the legs are more prone to bending if one puts a great deal of weight right on the plate, or uses the cane at an odd angle.- One of my canes had a handle that tore. It was not a big problem, I just taped it with athletic tape and it continued to work wonderfully.If you want to be certain that your cane lasts as long as possible, you should be certain to check the rubber feet on your cane frequently. make certain that they are wearing equally, and when they come close to wearing through, you should immediately replace them all. This cane uses 5/8" feet.This cane can be adjusted for both right and left handed use. It also only has one button that has to be pushed in to shift the setting. Some canes have two. I am not certain if this increases stability (I have never noticed a difference) but it does make it easier to shift. This can also has a screw that secures the height of the cane. This DOES provide added stability.I highly advise this cane for anybody who believes that a quad-cane is the right cane for his situation. I have tried several others, but this is, undoubtedly, the best that I have found and it is being sold for a wonderful price.  