review/text: Let me just start out by saying that, unless you have absolutely no tolerance for pain of any sort, and literally shiver at the thought of discomfort, this epilator is certainly tolerable. As women, we are subjected to physical inconveniences far, far worse than this - and guess what? This comes complete with a great payoff.I hate shaving. Let me just get that out in the open. It's a thankless, endless task - the results are short-lived, and the practice costs money (especially when using a high-end system like the Venus, which I did). Cuts and nicks are always lying in wait to get you when least expected, and winter time is truly a fearful season, heralding razor burn and dry skin.So, it only makes sense that I am delighted with my Braun Silk Epil - all of the bothers of shaving are now a thing of the past, and I am most satisfied with my skin's newly silky, healthy condition. I only have to use this epilator every three weeks or so, and I'm set - and ladies, I'm talking about legs, arms, bikini and underarms. Smooth as can be.Now, yes... it does hurt, especially the first time you use it. And oh, yessir - the underarm area is MUCH more sensitive than the rest of the body. However, there is one thing that does help - alot - and that's called body chemistry. Upon first using the epilator, my endorphins kicked in so strongly that within just a minute, the discomfort was certainly bearable. This was especially the case with epilating the underarm area - midway through the experience, the pain level had dropped immensely. As well, here's another helpful hint - take a nice, hot bath beforehand - this eases the discomfort immensely. And, yes, it does get easier with every usage. And talk about a task being well worth it - I have never had such clean, soft, pink and shadow-free underarms in my life. Amazing.What I love about the Silk Epil is that it comes with the epilator head, a shaving head, two seperate epilator covers (one designed for making the experience more comfortable), a nice, long corded adaptor and carrying case. Caring for the epilator is easy - it also comes with a little brush for sweeping out the heads and covers. I'm really surprised at how simple it is to use and maintain this great little gadget.So, ladies, if you're willing to take the big step toward a happy new grooming practice paying off via a silky smooth body, look no further. This Silk Epil is the way to go. And don't fear the pain - it does get much easier, and the results make the effort very, very worthwhile.  