review/text: Poor mop head design makes this product unserviceable. The cellulose sponge part is glued to a plastic plate with two protruding pegs. These plastic pegs friction fit into two holes in the plastic head piece. My first Mop-in-a-Box arrived missing the cellulose sponge completely. This should have been my clue that there was a design problem, but I just returned it for a replacement. I've now finished the first use of my complete replacement mop, washing my kitchen, entryway, and one bathroom, with a mix of vinyl and ceramic tile. The mop has now reached the end of its life and is ready for the trash bin.On the second swipe across the floor the cellulose mop popped out of the head. I pushed it back into place, and it popped out again on the next swipe. Again I pushed the pegs back into their holes, then attempted to use the squeeze lever to wring the head out in my pail -- and found the next problem. The squeeze lever uses a simple hinge without any space between the two hinged surfaces for the cellulose mop. While no clearance would work for a sheet of paper, it doesn't work at all well for a sponge that's over an inch thick. When the hinge closes the sponge distorts, pushing a bulge out on the side away from the hinge. This bulge never gets wrung out, and so your mop stays very wet. But the distortion also tends to tear the cellulose sponge away from the plastic backing that it's glued to. Mine has come completely loose, so I've got a sponge that isn't attached to its plastic plate, and a plastic plate that won't stay plugged into the end of the mop.To try to finish my floors I ended up wiring the sponge to the plastic piece. Constant bending to pick up the mop head from the floor or the bucket has made my back sorer than if I'd just scrubbed the floors on my hands and knees. With repeated insertions the ridges on the plastic pegs have worn smooth, so now the pegs won't even hold the weight of the sponge when it's dry.There's a scrubbing surface glued to one edge of the cellulose sponge. This could be useful for stubborn spots on the floor, but there's no hard backing -- just sponge -- behind this, so you can't actually apply much scrubbing pressure. The scrubber can't scrub.I classify this design as VERY POOR. Out of the hundreds of items I've bought from Amazon.com, this item is the second worst. Don't buy it.  