review/text: I have two of these.Pros- I find the wrist unit very convenient - much more so than the arm units I have tried.- Because it is small and fits in a case about 3"x4"x3", I have room to sit it on my bathroom vanity or even on a table in my living room and use it every single morning. The prior arm unit was bulky and awkward, and I felt like I had to "store" it daily which led to less consistent use.- It's small size also makes it easy to take with me on business trips, and other travel.- Accuracy of the two meters has been decent by comparison to Dr. Offices and between the two units -- IF YOU ARE VERY VERY CAREFUL AND CONSISTENT IN YOUR SETUP PROCESS.Cons- You must be very careful to sit exactly correctly with both feet on the floor, with your arm in exactly the right position supported by the other arm/hand. Otherwise you will get inaccurate and widely varied readings.- To know if you are getting accurate or consistent readings, you must take 3 readings at every sitting (at least). When you measure 107/75 then 125/85 then 139/95 in the same sitting, you know there is an issue and you have to correct your "setup technique"- Unit should error out when it is not reading correctly, rather than give false readings. It will do this in extreme cases but not in cases 20 points apart.- Lack of a USB data port or wireless connection to dump data to my PC. This feature should be standard on all medical measurement devices, in my opinion, including blood pressure monitors, glucose monitors, thermometers, etc etc etc.I have two units, I use them daily, multiple times. The first has lasted a year and half so far. Compared to other meters I've tried, I like them the best but they are still just OK.BP Meters in general have issues with accuracy and measurement error. Take all readings with a grain (or a pound) of salt and if you cannot reproduce multiple similar readings, change the batteries and look at your body positioning carefully. If you are readings are unusually high or low, trust it and take precautions but get checked by a Dr.  