review/text: The glasses are first rate. I'd give them a solid five stars. The Concorde pen is a good geometrical design and works OK if treated gently, but the plastic snap-open cap mechanism is cheaply made and subject to breakage. The cap pivots are plastic, as is the cap "spring." How do I know this ? My Concorde MicroVision pen-glasses blew out of my shirt pocket while I was riding my motorcycle on a county road. I went back to retrieve them and the cap had broken off from the fall. I took the pieces home to do a repair and discovered that the cap pivots were two small "ears," cast as integral parts with the plastic insert that holds the pen retracting mechanism and glasses recepticle, all of which fit inside the thin metal outer tube. One cap pivot "ear" had broken off, allowing the cap to detatch. I located a tiny drill bit and was able to drill a hole all the way through through the upper plastic part where the pivot ears had been, and inserted a new single piece steel pivot made from a section of paperclip. The glasses now can be inserted in their recepticle and the cap opened and closed, but there is no way to repair the small, odd-shaped plastic "spring" that holds the cap closed. The ink reservoir retracting mechanism was undamaged and still worked fine.Let me say first to AVOID the Lori Greiner version of the Microvision pen-glasses. They are larger, uglier, bulkier, and have only a tiny ink reservoir that runs dry quickly. Refilling must be done manually with a screwdriver and is a messy hassle. The Concorde version of MicroVision is ingeniously designed to use a standard replacement ink cartridge available just about eveywhere. It also looks more like a normal writing pen.I would give the pen portion of the pen-glasses combo only three stars because of the cheesy construction of the closure cap for the glasses recepticle, and feel that because of this the combo is way overpriced. Together, with the excellent quality reading glasses and the cheaply made, overpriced pen recepticle, I give the pen-glasses combo a very iffy four stars. But even with its faults the Concorde version of MicroVision is a good idea and far-and-away better than its klunky Lori Greiner counterpart. The Concorde version of MicroVision is worth the overpriced difference. In my opinion it should retail for about $15 or $20, but the Lori Greiner version isn't worth buying at any price.  