review/text: This is my first Amazon review, despite being in their thrall for years and years now. I felt compelled to share my experience with this product in hopes that it might help others.I have been using this stuff for over two weeks now. I initially heard about a different product, Miracle Greens, on one of my favorite podcasts. The digestive benefits the host was talking about piqued my interest. After searching on Amazon for Miracle Greens and similar products, I chose this one from Garden of Life based on ingredients. So, two weeks in, what have I learned?First, the taste review: worse than the worst thing I have ever tasted; better than death.I would still wish it on my worst enemy, but it's pretty bad, ya'll. If tooth decay has a taste, I imagine it would be like this. The first time, I didn't think I could finish it. I went into an immediate shame spiral over my silly purchase of something I'll never use, a waste time and money, destined to gather dust on the shelf next to my papaya tablets, soy protein mix, and "Quantum Wellness" book. Not to mention the embarrassment when my husband asks me "How's that new green powder supplement going?". Then I remembered I'm 31 years old. I remembered the comments here, and how I was forewarned of the taste, and I decided I just needed to put my big girl undies on, pull 'em up nice and tight, and drink this little harmless, (fetid), good for me, (foul) glass of green. And I did. Over the next three days, I tried different juices suggested here. None helped me, in fact only made it worse tasting, but I persevered. The hubz suggested on the fourth day that I hold my nose while drinking. (He went on to suggest other disgusting things it would be possible to eat/drink with one's nose plugged, things of which I will spare you.) So I mixed a scoop with about 6 oz of water, held my nose, and killed it. And it really was tolerable. The amazing thing is, after several days of drinking it that way, my taste buds acclimated to the horror. Now I can drink it freely, without plugging my nose. And it's really not bad at all anymore. I'd rather drink this than, say, a packet of Thermaflu.Another suggestion: put a scoop in a glass jar with a lid, add water and shake (rather than trying to stir it). It dissolves easily this way, but doesn't froth up if you use water.So far, I haven't noticed any change in my digestive *ahem* progress. I'm hoping that will come soon. However, I suffer horribly from indoor/outdoor allergies, and since taking this, I haven't had to take a single allergy pill. For the first time in 2 years. So that's pretty phenomenal, and has made a huge difference in quality of life for me. Overall, I feel measurably better; my mood is brighter, I have more energy, and have noticed improved skin tone. I've also been craving more water, but I'm not sure if that's a bi-product of ingesting this, or if it's a subliminal you-spent-40-plus-dollars-on-this-so-you-better-not-muck-it-up-with-diet-coke message fueling my thirst. Either way, more water=good.I give this product full stars. I still think I might try to Miracle Greens or Macro Greens, whatever they are. If any of you have tried both, and would indulge me by making comparisons in the comments, I'd like that a lot.Good luck!  