review/text: Background....I have been battling warts for over a year now. My first wart showed up about 5-6 years ago on the heel of my right foot, it never bothered me so I never thought about it and figured/hoped it would just go away. A couple years later it turned into 2 warts... then I got another one on my left heel about a year after that. Now I'm getting worried but still not taking action(much to my regret). This goes on until last summer when I realized I had a cluster of about 5 warts on my right heel and 2 warts on my left heel. I started out with the banana peel and duct tape treatment and kept it up for almost 3 months with no success. I switched over to Dermasil Wart medicine (awful smelling stuff!) and used it diligently for another couple months with no success. Keep in mind when I say that I tried a treatment I gave it the best shot I could, applying it multiple times a day. Then I started combining the banapeel, dermasil and a good long ACV soak daily. The warts looks agitated but were not diminishing, turning black, or dying in any way that I could tell. I tried coconut oil, didn't work. I tried garlic, didn't work. I tried getting it frozen at the doctors, didn't work. I tried Forces of Nature Wart control EXTREME Strength, didn't work. Thuja pills and cerate, neem oil, and probably a few more that I tried and forgot about.Current...Now I'm at the point where I'm considering cutting the darn things out with a scalpal by myself because I'm just that frustrated. As a last ditch effort I ordered this stuff because It could possibly be the ONLY thing I haven't tried yet. I started using it 3 days ago. I started out by applying a very little amount on my warts and covered them with a bandaid. Checked on them 3-4 hours later and the surface of the wart and skin that came in contact with the wart stick had turned deathly white and became very firm, so firm that I can't file it off with an emery board or pumice stone. This excited me so I put more on the wart, MUCH more lol. For the past couple days I fill in each little divit of a wart with the waxy like substance and reapply about every 8-10hrs. Every so often I can feel a little tingle but no discomfort.Earlier today I tried very hard to clean out the surface of the warts with some tweezers and noticed I had virtually no sensation in or around the warts so I started picking and plucking and twisting and tearing. I didn't get a whole lot of the wart but enough to give me hope that this might actually be working. I am determined to kill these nasty parasites and show them who's boss! After digging a small crater in my heel I reapplied a good helping of the wart stick inside this newly formed crater and covered it back up. I think I might buy a razor blade or scalpel to assist with the removal of the dead tissue.So all in all, out of the roughly 10+ methods I have tried in the last year this one has showed the most promise. I will update this review in a couple weeks or when I notice some sort of change for better or worse. Wish me luck!!Edited to add(7/20):I failed to mention in my original review that I had a wart on the middle finger of my left hand that I was using the wart stick on as well as the plantar warts. The wart on my finger is gone now so I'm really excited that it might be working on my feet as well. The area on my foot where the warts have been living for several years is softening up and from what I can tell the root system seems to be gone. I used to be able to feel a lump under the skin, i assumed it was the root system. Right now, aside from some dead skin where the roots were, my heel feels normal to the touch. I am really hoping that this means the warts are gone. I will keep up my application of the wart stick for a few more days before allowing the skin to heal. I guess after the skin heals I will be able to tell if the warts are truly gone. I'm trying not to get my hopes up because I've been let down so many times before  