review/text: There are very few natural, externally-used products to deal with back pain, as well as other aching muscles, I've experienced over the past 40 years that warrant 5 stars. This is one of a handful of products that definitely earn it. In fact, when one was lost during travel, I had to immediately replace it.Quite literally, this product resolves serious muscle-induced pains, from my head to my feet. The two different shapes of knobs work into muscles at varying depths with either general or more pin-pointed accuracy.I like to position it where I want, applying firm and gradually increasing pressure with my hands, arms or feet, until the muscle releases the tension it's holding. I might then target another nearby muscle or another area of the same muscle next. The outcome is almost immediate relief from what might otherwise be almost debilitating.I've had situations where I've done something to aggravate a muscle in my back, shoulder and/or neck, where it results in serious pain from pulling my spine out of alignment and/or disk compression, even what sometimes feels as intense as migraine headaches. I use this for about 2-3 minutes in a few key areas, for no more that 30-45 seconds per location, and about 80% relief is achieved almost instantly, making it bearable. If I decide to then massage the now loosened muscles a little further, even more relief is achieved.I've even had long-term pain in one of my ankles that was treated with this. I used the more conical pressure knob on an area in front of my heel, where I discovered there was a high level of sensitivity, and applied the same firm and increasing pressure for about 30 seconds. What resulted was a relief from almost daily ankle pain I'd had for over 3 years, without pain medications, that lasted over three months!The bottom line is this: You NEED to try this product if you suffer from muscle pain and/or spasms, are tired of doing nothing to cure the problem and having to take pain medications, and want to actually do something about resolving the source of your pain. However, understand that improper use could result in injuries to people with more serious issues, and be aware that sometimes releasing the muscle tightness results a high concentration of whatever is stored in the muscle (lactic acid, etc.) into the bloodstream. Drink plenty of water afterwards.So, be more aware of your body and the messages it's telling you, instead of covering it up with often needless and excessive medications. I choose to say "YES" to my Body Back Buddy, and "NO" to Vicodin and Valium.  