review/text: A couple years ago I purchased one of those cordless broom vacs (Electrolux). It worked OK but I was annoyed by the short battery life and the less than stellar suction. As time went by of course the battery got weaker and weaker and since the battery wasn't replaceable (nice design guys!) I found myself in the market for a replacement and I didn't want to spend $100 on something that would have all the same limitations.I found myself looking at these sweeper things and wondered how well they would work, especially since my wife thought they only worked on carpet. I couldn't really make a decision based on on-line browsing so I didn't buy anything.Today I found myself looking at the selection of a large hardware chain store (who shall remain anonymous) and I saw this little guy tucked in between all the other cordless broom devices. There was no price but I knew it couldn't be too much from my research. I grabbed one of the three remaining boxes and headed for the checkout.It turned out to be $19.99 which is actually less than the price I am currently seeing at Amazon. I got it home, unboxed it and screwed the handle sections together, then screwed the handle on to the sweeper. Total assembly time was less than 2 minutes. I was concerned about the 4 handle sections but they appear to be metal and there is a lot of threaded interface between sections so I don't think I will have any problems with durability.So, after 2-3 hours of ownership what do I think? I'm pretty happy with the purchase. This unit does work on both carpet and on my hardwood and vinyl floors. I really bought it for the hard floors. We live on an 82 acre farm so dirt is constantly getting in. The sweeper has some trouble with items that are too big to end up under the unit where the brush is but it did a really good job on those bits of dirt, lint and other things that show up so prominently on a white floor. Occasionally more than one pass is required to get everything but I had that issue with the cordless vac too.It's very easy to push on hard floors, more effort seems to be required on carpet. I find I need to push down some on the handle to get the wheels to grip. It did a surprising job with the bird food pellets around my parrot's cage but was less effective on some cat hair. It would pick it up but if you went the other direction the hair would come back off the brushes and smear into the carpet. In those cases I may be forced to bend over to deal with the troublesome item. Oh! The horror! :)Emptying is easy. There are two dust bins on the bottom. Hold the sweeper over the trash can, push one one side and the bin pops open and almost everything falls out. I did have to reach in and help some cat hairs/lint on their way. Even so this is a huge improvement over the cordless vac which was supposed to be easy to empty but really wasn't. The bins are pretty big so I don't think I will have to empty it more than every few days-maybe even weekly.Why four stars? Edges. This sweeper has a single brush located in the center of the sweeper. The closet you are going to get to a wall is about two inches if you are parallel to it and 4-5 if you try running up to it. It might be that you have to get out a broom for a couple minutes to quickly sweep your edges out to where this sweeper can reach. This is one area the cordless vac had an advantage since the brush was not only closer to the edge but there was some suction to help pull some things off the wall.Would I buy it again? Yes, I think I would. The price is right. It's way less expensive than a good cordless vac and for just keeping the floors looking respectable between real vacuuming this should fill the bill quite nicely. There are no batteries to deal with and no charging-just grab it and go. It does have issues with edges but it's pretty quiet and I might burn some more calories pushing this thing than I would the cordless vac.  