review/text: And the winner is ... Williams Lectric Shave with Electric Glide Formula being a very close secondThis is a review of six products and this same review is posted on each product's Amazon site. The products tried were (in order of preference): Williams Lectric Shave, Electric Glide Formula (California North), Afta Pre-electric by Mennen (original), Skin Bracer, Eltron Prep and Kinexium Shave Oil by King-Of-Shaves.I have used an electric shaver for more than 30 years and, for the first time in over 20 years, am trying these pre-electric lotions again after having shaved without these the last 20 years. In general, these all provide a noticeably smoother and less irritating shaving experience. They don't speed up the process, but do allow for a close shave while minimizing the shaver `burn' sensation that follows shaving. The trick is to find the one that you prefer based upon application, performance and odor.Bottom line: Despite the superior application and lower `oily' feel of Afta, I had to go with Williams Lectric Shave. It is easy to wash off (if you wish) and has a mild and pleasant odor. Electric Glide Formula is a very close second and I alternate between the two, but use Williams Lectric Shave much more often. Williams Lectric Shave has the least amount of 'gumming' in the blades vs. the Electric Glide Formula (which can be heavy).The gel consistency of Afta is much better for application than the liquids (which run through your fingers, like water), but only Afta is a gel. It's surprising: you'd think they would all be scrambling to offer the superior gel consistency or, at least, put the liquids it into a spray pump. If you put the Williams Lectric Shave and Electric Glide Formula into sample-sized spray pumps, spray them on your face then spread with your hand, you will have a much better and less wasteful experience.Application (applying it to your face):Using a spray pump for the water consistency products is a must. Without a spray pump, application is difficult and wastes product (as it runs off your hand)- Afta has a gel consistency that makes application easy and can sting.- Electric Glide Formula has a water consistency and no sting when applied.- Williams Lectric Shave has a water consistency and can sting.- Skin Bracer has a water consistency and can sting.- Eltron Prep has a water consistency and can sting.- Kinexium Shave Oil is like spraying WD-40 onto your face: VERY oily and is no longer a candidate.Shaving:They are ranked in order of preference. Most of the products cause `gumming' of the beard trimmings in the shaver blades. This will require more frequent cleaning of the shaver than shaving without them.- Afta has less of an `oily' feel to it that is easy to wash off. There is no 'gumming' (clumping of the beard trimmings in the blades).- Williams Lectric Shave has a moderate `oily' feel that is somewhat easy to wash off. There is very little 'gumming'.- Electric Glide Formula has a moderate `oily' feel that is easy to wash off. Heavier 'gumming' vs. the above two.- Skin Bracer has a moderate `oily' feel that is difficult to wash off and can cause `gumming'.- Eltron Prep has a moderate `oily' feel that is difficult to wash off and can cause `gumming'.Scent following sink washing of the face:These will all stay with you for many hours, so you better like what you pick (ranked in order of preference).- Williams Lectric Shave has an `evergreen' odor.- Electric Glide Formula has a mild citrus odor- Skin Bracer has a moderate lime odor- Afta has a strong musty `woodsy' odor.- Eltron Prep has a `skunk' type of odor  