review/text: I drink 2 quarts of this a day, give or take, for almost 2 years now. I love iced teas, I love hot teas. I have never liked a tea as much as I do with Sportea.I highly suggest the 7 bag version over the 20 bag version. I much prefer this cold, in fact I really don't like it hot at all. The little bags in the 20 count box just don't work out well for making cold tea in the right amounts.I make 1 Nalgene bottle at a time, 1 tea bag and I fill it to the brim. This makes the perfect amount of tea for the bag. Put 2 bottles in the fridge at a time and I am all set. I let it sit between 4 (never less than 4 hours) and 16 hours. I rarely drink it if it brewed longer than 16 hours because it gets a funny bitter taste to it that I do not care for. At the 4 hour mark I think it hits it peak, and then mellows for a few hours and then begins to oversteap after 12-16 hours.I always cold brew it. The hot brew accentuates the bitterness, which I must admit I have enjoyed on cold days, but I prefer the cold brew.I buy this in bulk to save on shipping and I have to say that I have never had a bad bottle of tea yet. Of course some days I do not drink any, like on weekends generally, and some days I drink 3. But I always look forward to this stuff.I cannot say that I have seen any scientifically verifiable side effects, but I know I feel better on days when I hydrate with Sportea than days when I do not. I know that I perk up in the morning about 1/2 way through a bottle, and keep that energy throughout the day usually. Of course there are so many other factors that play a part on a day to day basis, but if I had to say it I would say that I believe that it does what it says it does. It is energizing and refreshing and is a great substitute for plain boring water or carbonated beverages and it seems to give me a better morning than my coffee addled co-workers get. Plus there is no mood swing as with sugary drinks or caffine.So is 2 quarts a day good for you, who knows, but it appears to be at least no worse than the alternatives. I am not suffering any side effects that I know of, though I have bought more from Amazon since I started drinking this stuff, and I have not suffered any medical conditions since I began drinking Sportea so I cannot say that there is any reason not to try it and see if it could be your soda replacement too.  