review/text: Lady Speed Stick works well enough under normal everyday circumstances, when I'm at home or work. The invisible is indeed invisible. I haven't had any embarrassing deoderant show up on my clothing. The powder scent is pleasant and not overpowering.This week, I had the chance to really put it to the test in the tropics, where I was sweating up a storm. I'm sorry to say, this antiperspirant did not hold up. My husband's unscented Speed Stick faired much better. When I resorted to his Speed Stick, I had no problem. It seems, scent is not the only difference between men's and women's Speed Stick.Lady Speed Stick Invisible Dry Anti-Perspirant Deodorant Powder Fresh 2.3 oz Sticks by Lady Speed Stick Works in some climate conditions but not others, November 9, 2009Lady Speed Stick works well enough under normal everyday circumstances, when I'm at home or work. The invisible is indeed invisible. I haven't had any embarrassing deoderant show up on my clothing. The powder scent is pleasant and not overpowering.This week, I had the chance to really put it to the test in the tropics, where I was sweating up a storm. I'm sorry to say, this antiperspirant did not hold up. My husband's unscented Speed Stick faired much better. When I resorted to his Speed Stick, I had no problem. It seems, scent is not the only difference between men's and women's Speed Stick.Lady Speed Stick Anti-Perspirant & Deodorant, Invisible Dry, Powder Fresh, 1.4 oz (12 case) - wholes&hellip; by Lady Speed Stick Works in some climate conditions but not others, November 9, 2009Lady Speed Stick works well enough under normal everyday circumstances, when I'm at home or work. The invisible is indeed invisible. I haven't had any embarrassing deoderant show up on my clothing. The powder scent is pleasant and not overpowering.This week, I had the chance to really put it to the test in the tropics, where I was sweating up a storm. I'm sorry to say, this antiperspirant did not hold up. My husband's unscented Speed Stick faired much better. When I resorted to his Speed Stick, I had no problem. It seems, scent is not the only difference between men's and women's Speed Stick.  