review/text: I'm going to review this product base on: flavor, solubility, and effectiveness.Flavor:I've never heard of milk chocolate (as a drink) before, and maybe it doesn't really exist outside of this product, but this product does not taste like chocolate milk. Before purchasing ON's Whey Gold Standard, I discuss the option of flavors with my friend. My first choice was the Double Rich Chocolate, who can go wrong with chocolate? But he mentioned that it might be too chocolatey for me. So then I saw the Extreme Milk Chocolate (EMC) and thought that it was a perfect solution; it is chocolate, but not super chocolate.Perhaps this is my own fault for not reading the flavor correctly, but I thought milk chocolate was the same as chocolate milk. I mix the powder with milk (I don't think any whey powder taste good mixed with water), and it makes a nasty sewage color solution. It taste as good as it looks.I think the flavor is milk (like powder milk), or vanilla powder, and chocolate. So when it is mixed with milk you obtain milk, milk, milk, milk, chocolate. I think the ratio of milk powder is a lot more than the chocolate. I have tried using less milk and more powder to see if it changes the flavor, but it does not.As far as taste goes, I would not buy the Extreme Milk Chocolate, maybe try the Double Rich Chocolate. I purchased theOptimum Nutrition 100% Casein Protein, Chocolate Supreme 2 Poundand it taste a lot better than the EMC, so that is my reasoning for possibly buying the DRC.Solubility:To mix the whey I use theSundesa BB28-MC01 BlenderBottle 28-Ounce with BlenderBall, Blue, and it works pretty well. The blender bottle works wonderfully (I've written a review for that too), but this powder does not dissolve well, maybe 90% of it dissolves completely. No, its not user error. When I use the blender bottle to mix the Casein protein, all the powder dissolves. It could be that particular flavor, I cannot say for sure until I try another one.The one issue with this powder is that it generates a lot of gas when it is mixed using blender bottle. After shaking, the liquid produces a lot of bubbles, it can be rectified by swirling the bottle, but the gases still form. So a few hours after drinking it, I get really gassy. Maybe it's my body's reaction to this type of powder, I have never experienced this with any Muscle Milk powders. ON's casein powder also produces gas, but not to the same degree, and it doesn't cause me to become gassy.Again, maybe it's just happens with this flavor, I won't known until I try the Double Rich Chocolate. The only reason this brand is still redeemable in my eyes is their casein powder. I'm pretty much blaming everything on the EMC flavor.Effectiveness:This one is going to be short, I promise. I'm sure you already know the benefits of whey protein, otherwise you would not have search for this product in the first place. There are plenty of sites that can give you information about whey protein for workouts, and most of them say that the majority of whey proteins are the same, the main difference is flavor, hence the reason my review is mostly based on flavor.I gave it three stars because of the flavor (-1 stars) and gassy side effects (-1 stars).  