review/text: I recently switched to this type of pill organizer because the clear compartments are even easier to see through than the others in my old pill organizer which had a shade of blue. This is a very good pill organizer that comes in quite handy. I have to take six types of prescription medications daily (thank goodness that's down from seven prescription strength medicines a day); and especially at bedtime when I'm tired, believe it or not I sometimes actually forget if I've taken my bedtime pills! This is extremely important for me because I cannot run the risk of taking a double dose of medicine at bedtime; an accidental double overdose of my meds would be quite dangerous. This product allows me to place all of my pills in their individual compartments within the organizer so I won't forget to take any of them during the day!Although some people are concerned that more than one pill compartment can open too easily when you only want to open just one compartment, that rarely happens to me especially because I leave it lying flat on my night table or bathroom vanity; therefore I never really have to open any one section with so much effort that other compartments would also open and have pills flying out every which way!So far, thank goodness, I still don't need to use the noontime and the evening pill containers; but if I ever did they would be a great help to me. I'm sure that people who need to take medicine or vitamins at these times of the day will find these containers quite useful. You can also remove a daily case for when you're having a busy day and can't get back home until the evening; that way you won't miss any dosages of the pills you need to take. The daily cases are also labeled, one for each day of the week.There is one possible negative that I want to caution you about; it's definitely worth mentioning. Some people have to take more than one large pill and/or vitamin at the same time of the day. If this is true in your case, you may want a pill organizer with larger individual compartments than there are in this product. Look at the measurements for the individual compartments (they're right above on this webpage) to determine if the size of the compartments will be large enough for you.Overall, I highly recommend this pill organizer/dispenser/planner for anyone who wants a safe, reliable way to store up to a week's worth of medicine and/or vitamins. In addition, people can use this to remind themselves of whether or not they took their medicine; and that's extremely important.  