review/text: I had an MB300 for about a year (which is the exact same thing as the MB200 with the addition of a useless mini trimmer) but a piece of a metal spring inside the top of the unit where you open to empty trimmings rusted and broke, rendering it useless and unrepairable. I guess I managed to get enough water in there while in the bathroom on occasion for it to rust out. I really wish that spring was made out of stainless steel.I purchased this MB200 a month ago to replace my broken MB300 after reading several atrocious reviews on competing products, and after having several failures and returns of other models including Norelco. I have tried many beard trimmers over the years for both trimming stubble on my face and cutting my own hair, and this easily beats them all (I prefer the rechargeable ones with adjustable combs). Some of the competing products are made out of cheap plastic and the fins on the combs have broken (specifically Norelco), some have too little cutting power, on some the blades on some are not wide enough, and others are just designed by moron engineers.The MB200 has decent power, the cutting blade is reasonably wide, and the adjustment mechanism for the comb is well designed so you don't accidentally choose the wrong length or have it end up moving around on you and ending up with a shaved spot where you didn't mean to. I'm not unhappy with the choice of Ni-Cd batteries since they last a reasonable amount of time, and I'm guessing that Lithium-Ion would have put it at a price point that would be non-competitive. I do wish the batteries weren't soldered in so it would be easier to replace them. Seeing that this is the only decent rechargeable trimmer out there, I am going to purchase a couple more of these - one for my travel bag, and another as a spare. These days companies seem to revise well designed products, and forget everything they learned that was good about the previous designs. I hope Remington keeps the person/team around that designed this, keeps this model around for a long time to come, and hopefully makes it a little mode water resistant and upgrades that spring inside to stainless steel!  