review/text: I live in San Diego and our water is extraordinarily hard. Over the course of a week, my dishes were no longer getting clean, the machine was making an awful sound and there was this white coating on the inside of the dishwasher and on the plates. The repairman came out and discovered a huge chunk of gunk was clogging my unit down where the grinder is. Turns out that the dishwasher fills up once at the beginning and then the water is sprayed out again and again. Unless you have a clog like I did and then the machine sounds like it is grinding as it tries unsuccessfully to suck the water up from the bottom and spray it out.The repairman suggested 3 things. The first was that I not use those handy little detergent packets that have Dawn in them. He said that the Dawn combines with the minerals and really gunks up the works. That makes sense as I had started using the Dawn/Cascade packets about 3 months ago. The second suggestion was that I use Dishwasher Magic. And that I take all my filmy/cloudy glasses and run them with the Dishwasher Magic. My stained coffee cups should go on the bottom shelf to remove the stains. And that instead of leaving the wax plug in place, I should remove it. His reasoning was that if you run the cycle with the plug in place, it might take until the end of the cycle for the wax plug to melt releasing the Dishwasher Magic, and then you won't have the benefit of having the citric acid run time and time again through your system. I'm guessing they put the wax plug in for safety reasons - so people don't accidentally splash themselves with the stuff.I did as he said and my glasses are beautiful, the coating is off the inside of my washer. And yeah, my dishes are clean once again!!3/13/2011I went to Target and they were out of Dishwasher Magic, but I found a product I've come to like even more, LemiShine. It's a powder that you put in the detergent cup. I have been using about a tablespoon along with a tablespoon of Cascade. My dishes are shiny and spotless every wash now. Before, I was using the Dishwasher Magic about every 2 weeks, but between times my dishes would start to get cloudy. I love this new stuff.  