review/text: I took the capsules every time I ate meals. I took 1 with smaller meals and 2 with bigger meals. I noticed that my metabolism increased. I lost fat directly from my belly and I barely exercised as much as I used to. I did 100 jumping jacks every OTHER day, and tried to do pull-ups on a pull up bar after i did the 100 jumping jacks. I went from just hanging there pitifully to being able to pull myself up and then eventually graduated to doing 5 pull-ups & more. The combination of all of these things helped whereas, when I worked out without taking any pills I saw barely any results. I used to run like a fool on the treadmill (nothing against treadmills) only to sweat and be drained of energy. With these pills I have energy, not jitters, no acid reflux, no stomach problems and throat dryness. I have Gastropharyngeal reflux issues so it was important for me to have something that wouldn't aggravate this. I just made sure to take my nexium in the morning and I was good. I took the pills with my meals always. I also drank a lot of water. In about a months time my stomach slimmed down and I stated to see a 2 pack. In about 6 weeks i saw a four pack. I am working on the last pack lol. I recommend this product. I will always keep this available. I keep a few in my pillbox, purse, and my pockets. I try to remember to pop em in whenever i eat meals, especially fatty meals that i can't avoid eating. It really worked for me. Just keep in mind that your metabolism will increase which means you may want to eat more.. I handled this by eating nutrigrain bars and whenever i couldn't find something healthy to eat, I ate apples and drank water whenever I got hungry. I still had fatty foods occasionally but i saw results despite that. That is what really surprised me the most. I did not take the pills within hours of bedtime. This product worked for me. Good luck with your fitness and health goals. Thanks.I also suggest taking ALLi if all you have around you are fatty foods because although ALLI doesn't help you burn fat like Cortizyne does, it helps when you have no choice but to eat fatty meals.Alli Weight-Loss Aid, Orlistat 60mg Capsules, 90-Count Starter Pack  