review/text: This 500mg dosage is what you want! Our gallbladder can hold and release when needed about 50,000mg of bile to emulsify the food we eat. Without all 50,000mg dumping into the small bowel we inevitably gain weight, become sick and ill, and be nutritionally deficient. This product contains 500mg of bile. If you don't have a gallbladder then your liver can only dump say 1,500mg of bile to emulsify our diet. 1,500mg is far from sufficient. That's why the dosage should be adjusted to get the full of effect. I'm a 25 year old male and I have a healthy gallbladder with no stones in my liver, pancreas, gallbladder, and kidney's. This was confirmed via a ultrasound of all my organs. I have done over 30 liver and kidney flushes though and take Livatone plus which has helped me in ways words cannot describe. Weight loss comes automatically and a healthier happier you will result.The only con for this is the dosage. They should offer a higher dosage version with 5,000mg of bile so we can really get the full benefit that bile does for us. I notice HUGE improvements in digestion from taking 4 capsules at a time no matter when on an empty stomach or after a meal. Bile eliminates bloating 100%. If you feel bloated and fat and your tummy sticks out. You need this product! Again our gallbladders are supposed to release 50,000mg of bile into our small intestines to emulsify our diet, break down our diet and carry our diet at a cellular level to all of our cells in our entire body. Everything you eat, breathe, touch, smell, and see is absorbed into our bodies and are pumped in the bloodstream to our liver. From there the liver and gallbladder work together to carry emulsify the contents and shuttled throughout our bodies to rejuvenate tissues. Bile works closely with lymph fluid in waste removal and that's what bile is for! It's there to enable our bodies to absorb and benefit from what we eat, drink, smell, breathe, see, and feel. Without sufficient amounts of bile in our digestive system everthing we absorb is not used to benefit our bodies instead without bile's help. These contents are pumped throughout our bodies with no potential to benefit us but to only be stored as waste. As these contents stagnate our bodies become sickly and unhealthy. The contents rots, stagnates, and continuously pollutes our bodies instead of being broken down and used to feed our cells and rejuvenate our cells.If you have any questions please contact me I'd love to help you! cbxox2@hotmail.com  