review/text: I take one of these ephedrine-free Dexatrims around 10:00a, after a very small breakfast, and again around 2:30p, an hour or so after a smallish lunch. I rarely need to snack, nor do I feel hungry _at all_ during the day. In fact, my only 'hunger' is true calorie-need (which has to be satisfied pretty soon, granted :)I do notice actual fat-burning, which is a bonus. Combined conscientiously with a fun diet, I can lose a pound a day. And the appetite-suppressant has helped me stay always within 6-8 pounds of my target size, even during long vacations or bountiful holidays :)I've used this product for about a year and a half. Twice-daily. It is a caffeine-based supplement, so those with caffeine-sensitivities need to deal with that before beginning a program that includes this form of Dexatrim.I'm a Midwest-born, 5' 10" male, whose meat-and-potatoes-and-dessert appetite grew him to an average 180lb weight (10 pounds over what my BMI would consider healthy). With Dexatrim, a small tasty meal approach (which wouldn't work without the dexatrim), and a couple fun exercise routines (2 days on, 1 day off), my new natural average weight is 158 lbs. Near underwear-model skinny :) With good muscle-development, I have an enormous well of self-confidence now. It's a strange, wonderful new feeling to gain much attention from my opposite sex. My options in life are more wide-open, my self-worth is soaring, and this is an even more enjoyable course of life than one of just satisfying my cravings.This Dexatrim supplement was probably 30% of the success equation, maybe the single largest factor, along with my willingness to find fun exercise and trust in it.I have no side-effects to report, although I hold the philosophy that one shouldn't use any kind supplement, or really any form of one product or another, for long periods of time... I simply haven't found a natural replacement yet... when I wane-off the product, my natural appetite comes back strongly... I'm hoping that just a few more years' use, along with discipline in food purchasing (which not being hungry really helps with), will allow a permanent adjustment in appetite, which will be wonderful. (and don't ever let your children get big appetites, or at least don't encourage them... it's such a hard thing to reverse...)Be willing to experiment until you find the right appetite-suppressant... that's the most important part of dieting. Yes, selection of foods and exercise are very very close 2nd's, but you need to be able to get food out of 23 hours of your day first. Try several diet products, one-at-a-time of course (even the experimentation is a fun game :) and over three or four months, you should find the product that gives you the highest likelihood of success.Don't doubt yourself. Just be willing... and creative. This is a worthy challenge, one that you -can- win!  