review/text: Like many other reviewers', my BBB didn't come with a "12 page instruction booklet". It came with a small (2" square) 4-page advertisement for itself showing an athletic woman in Spandex holding it in various ways and smiling, with no text description of what she was doing. I put it aside for weeks, afraid of hurting myself trying to use it without knowing what I was doing.Eventually a severe back spasm led me back to it in desperation and I started gently "playing" with it. I was surprised to find that it's relatively intuitive, despite looking intimidating. If you've ever used a kitchen counter or table corner, square support post, or doorknob to rub your back against, the same instincts apply here -- you just have LOTS more options. Position some knob or another against a sore spot, apply gentle pressure, and wiggle. After a few seconds you'll naturally gravitate toward the motion and degree of pressure that feels good and helps. It's a little slow (I use it while watching TV or doing something else) but inexpensive compared to massage, and with practice you can get very good at controlling the amount, type, and direction of pressure -- something that can be difficult to communicate to another person.The length can make it cumbersome but also provides what I see as its greatest strength: you can get excellent leverage by positioning one hook-end knob against the target muscle, holding it one of the side protrusions with one hand while moving the free end back and forth with the other. By taking advantage of it as a lever with multiple potential fulcrums and choking up or down with the moving hand, arthritics and fibromyalgics like myself can manage self-massage with minimal strength applied and very little movement. With a few days' practice, I learned to get significantly more benefit from the BBB in proportion to strength and energy exerted than any other self-massage tool I've tried -- that is, whatever area I've targeted feels much better without causing my arms or hands to feel just as bad in trade-off.For more pressure, position yourself so that the weight of your limb or body is resting on the applied knobby-bit; unlike a tennis ball or knobbler, this gives you pressure from below with control from above -- that is, you don't have to have your hand contorted underneath yourself to move it back and forth while resting your weight on it, nor is there a need to move your whole body back and forth, both of which can be very tiring.The length also makes it versatile while sitting, if you have room to swing it around yourself. I've managed to rub my neck, back, arms, legs, and feet, all in the same position on the couch, over the course of an hour-long TV program. If I hold it properly, I get a bonus hand massage in the process.An excellent product, minus one star for lack of instruction. It's referred to in books I own which give more technical advice than this, but one shouldn't have to buy an additional $30 book to avoid letting an item sit in a closet for not knowing how to use it.  