review/text: When I first saw the Gillette Fusion at the drugstore, I thought to myself: They've got to be kidding! Not only did I think five blades (plus a precision trimmer, no less) was overkill, but the price for the cartridges was prohibitively expensive. Being a Mach 3 shaverGillette Mach3 Shaving System, 1 Systemuser, I thought having three blades was a bit much, too. The drugstore was having a sale on the actual shaver itself, plus one cartridge included, so I broke down (and went broke) and got one.Here's the thing: Five blades really does make a difference. I've never had a closer shave, and the shaving bumps and dryness you get from shaving five days a week temporarily disappeared. They only came back as the end of the week came to a close and the cartridge's life was on its last legs. Apparently the blue strip on the blade dims, letting you know that when the color's faded, so has the blade. I've found that it's about two days too late using that method, and most guys simply know from experience when it's time to chuck the cartridge.Which leads me to the reason it isn't getting five stars: These cartridges are EXPENSIVE! Eight of them will set you back $24 here on Amazon, and CVS sells them at its physical store for $27. Yes, almost $30 for 8 measly cartridges. Gillette must have foreseen this immediate balking, especially in the terrible economy we're all suffering through, and it's latest TV ad campaign tries to convince you it's about $1 a day. Again, that's if you go by the blue strip telling you when to chuck the blade. And if you wait that long you will get a nick or two, not mention the aforementioned shaving bumps. You can use mineral oil as your shave cream, but a dull blade is like our president: it's still dull. :)So, here's the thing. Gillette pretty much is the shaving monopoly of the world. Their Mach 3 blades and Fusion blades (all versions, from turbo to power) are grossly over-priced. I think Amazon does a great job of keeping the cost as low as possible without giving away the farm, and it's unfortunate this Boston-based (yeah!) company hasn't read the financial section of a newspaper lately and realized that unemployment is sky-high, people are broke, and everyone is struggling. Since shaving is a necessity for the majority of men, they take unfair advantage of their market dominance.Whatever. It's their right to do so. Free enterprise and all that stuff. At least they are doing well so the government doesn't have to take them over. I mean, they are too big to fail. ;) You will love this product, and like me probably continue buying it long after that lonesome cartridge has expired. But if anyone at Gillette reads these reviews, you aren't known in male circles as a equitable company, just a very profitable one.  