review/text: I have tried many diet pills. I always say this...as a past gym trainer and an expert on diet and nurtition, diet pills should ONLY be used as an extra help in losing the last 10 lbs or so. They shouldn't ever be depended on alone.75% of any results will always be HOW YOU EAT..plain and simple. Working out with light weights or heavy weights also gREATLY helps. But even if you work out 5 hours a day, and eat nothing but fat and high sugar foods, your results will take forever to see..or you will only keep packing on the lbs.Ok..so I started taking these about 5 years ago. I had taken Stacker 2's before and Hydroxycut, and even Trim Spa. Let me say..all those give you a "boost" of energy..and slight gitters..BUT..I have never had the jitters that bad--until THIS product.DO NOT TAKE THIS. I was only 25 when I took these and mind you--I was already working out 1 hour a day, and eating clean..I mainly used these to lose about 5lbs..I DID lose about 10 with these..don't get me wrong here...BUT...I was only taking TWO pills a day--one in morning--and one at night. THAT was all I took.(I honestly NEVER take a full serving in ANY diet pill) just because I feel they are loaded with way too much caffiene.)..After taking only 1 of these,,.and took a light nap..a few hours later..I was getting dressed in the bathroom..and started having a panic attack. I NEVER had those before. I don't even have any health problems. I don't even ever get panic attacks..never knew what one was actually like. I felt I was having a minor heart attack or something (minus the chest pains or any nausea)..I was scared SH****LESS. I had to run over to my husband and have him hold me just because I felt I couldn't breath.This pill is dangerous in my opinion. And again, I wasn't even taking a full dosage.not even close. >:(Then after taking the pills I kept having panic attacks for a few months there afterward...even tho I stopped taking them after that.(maybe it was a mind thing after that). I even started having panic attacks when I switched to ZERO caffine Hydroxycut..and they have no jitters at all! I even couldn't drink coffee for months because I was sooo scared that I would start panic-ing.I remember one night I couldn't go to sleep because I felt like I was going to pass out.DONT TAKE THESE. PERIOD.Infact...drinking 12 cups of Green Tea a day works even better--AND gets rid of bloating. ;)Save your money...and save your life by NOT ever taking these.!!  