review/text: The reason I tried Zantrex 3 is actually kind of embarrasing. I, um, well Screech on Celebrity Fit Club said he used it. Apparently he was a lazy slob who wouldn't lose any weight, so when he lost something like 5 lbs, everyone applauded him until he revealed he lost the weight by using Zantrex 3. Some washed up fat reality star endorsed it, so I go spend 20 bucks. Don't make fun of me.So I give it a whirl. I'm not trying to lose anything major, but my diet of hot wings and whiskey has caught up with me, and I don't look so hot in a 2 piece anymore. Worst case scenario, I thought, is it doesn't work. I blow 20 dollars on sugar pills when I've known all along the best way to lose weight is to eat better and move around. Wrong! Worst case scenario is explosive diarrhea (I'm not kidding), having my stomach hurt all day, unbearable nausea, head aches, light headedness, dizziness, depression and all kinds of mood swings I could have never anticipated. At first I didn't know what was going on. Why am I dizzy and sad all day with an unbearable stomach ache? It never occured to me that Zantrax could be responsible for all of this, but I stopped taking it just to see what happened. I felt better the next day which, by the way, seemed to take forever to come because it's impossible to sleep while on Zantrex.So now everything is fine, I feel like myself again, meals aren't going through me like Taco Bell, I don't feel like jumping off a bridge, but I still have a gut so I start the Zantrex regimen again. Same thing happened. I wasn't convinced that these evil blue pills were the cause, but nothing else in my life had changed. Everything else was a constant. So I do this on and off thing for a while before I just give up on these damned things altogether. If Zantrex 3 isn't what's causing this raw misery in my life, then by whatever bizarre coincidence, every time I use it, I feel the sincere urge to kill myself.I didn't lose any weight, perhaps because I didn't use it consistently enough. Maybe using the entire bottle uninterrupted would have produced the desired results, but who cares if it causes weight loss or not if the entire time you're using it, you're plagued by restlessness, depression, diarrhea, nausea and general lethargy.My new plan goes something like this: Bike riding > Hot wings & bacon.  