review/text: So, I had this thing for about a week before I went off to winter break from college, and I knew I HAD to write a review because I was itching to come back to school just to use it! I missed it and I couldn't wait to get out the knots I'd accumulated over a 3 week period.For one, I am an avid computer user - I'm on for hours upon hours a day. What's worse, I'm also an artist, both traditional and digital, so I'm hunched over for long periods of time. Being so focused on my work, I tend to forget to take breaks and stretch my back, resulting in some terrific neck and shoulder pain, and especially in that awkward place in the middle of your back. I was constantly asking for massages, but I found that people were never quite strong enough to really get into the tight muscles, particularly the trickier knots underneath my shoulder blades.In all honesty, I bought this massager on a complete whim, at 4 am, during hectic finals week. I woke up completely shocked by the fact that I had spent $35 on some phallic looking object. I have to say, though, it has been a fantastic purchase so far. I get the perfect amount of leverage to really drive in the pointed end into the sweet spots in my back. It's also been great for massaging the tops of my shoulders, on either side of my neck, which are rock hard. I can already feel a looseness in my back, and I sleep much better now. I've also been trying to loosen up my lower back - sometimes, when I lay down to sleep, I get these aches in my lower back for some reason, and I figure they were from knots that have simply built up over the years from poor sitting posture. I've researched different trigger points, and the information I've found simply from googling have been a dream - I use this thing for my forearms, my thighs, my calves, and even my butt! There are knots there, and when you relieve those knots, they loosen up your lower back. It's kind of crazy, but you gotta try it to see!I've only been to a masseuse once, but this has been a perfectly adequate substitute. Try it out -- it'll change your life!  