review/text: I've been using this product for about a month. I put about 3-4 drops in each eye 2-3 times a day. My reason for getting the product was for eye floaters. What I've noticed is that my eyes feel good and the floaters diminish slightly. I have also noticed that large floaters have changed shape, changing to a slightly smaller or more dispersed configuration. Overall, I agree with other reviewers that this product can make a difference, but you have to give it time. I'm going to continue to take these drops for awhile longer, maybe even a year. I'll repost with updated info. when I get it.The research is thin. Supposedly Russian researchers discovered that the antioxidant in this product (I forget the name) reduced cataracts symptoms/conditions and improved overall eye health. I'm a skeptic of any research, especially Russian research, but anything is worth a shot if the eye doctors can't do anything.I've looked into laser surgery for my floaters. I even flew all the way out to D.C. to get some laser treatment only to be told my floaters were too small and too close to my retina. I refuse to get the tubes in the eye thing, whatever that surgery is called. My floaters aren't that bad--yet.These drops are a nice alternative where traditional medicine falls flat on its face.By the way, as an additional aside, you might look into purchasing red laser goggles if you have floaters. I've discovered that they too make the floaters less bothersome, especially while using a computer or reading a book. Even red bulbs for your lamp can diminish the number of noticeable floaters in the eyes. Try it. If you have small floaters, the red light can even make all the floaters disappear.I'm not sure why exactly it works, but my theory is that red light doesn't create as brilliant a reflection off the retina like other lights, especially sunlight.UPDATESo I've been using the drops for several months now. What I've noticed is that my eyes do feel better overall after using the drops, but the floaters remain about the same. If I use the drops before viewing television or driving, the floaters might be a little less noticeable, but that's about it.Verdict? If you have the money every month, go ahead and use them. I don't see how these drops are really that much better than other drops, but it might depend on your condition. Anything is worth a shot if nothing else seems to be working for you. Every person responds differently. Personally, I don't see a justification to keep taking these drops.  