review/text: I like this Shaving cream. Taylor of Old Bond Street is my favorite brand of shaving cream at the moment. So far I like the Almond sent the best, but this one may be my 2nd choice. This shaving cream lathers easy and protects my face. I will buy this again. For those unsure how to lather, here is one method:How I make a good lather: I did a bunch of research on how to create a good lather with a cream. After that research I found it was actually very easy. And this method works like a charm with this cream.1) Prior to showering in the morning I run the sink to get the hottest water I can. I then fill a ceramic (non-white) bowl with hot water, then put the bowl in the sink and fill the sink to the top of the bowl. I then put my brush and razor in the bowl to soak while I shower.2) After showering I pull the bowl from the sink (leaving water in sink) and dump the water from the bowl (back into the sink). I just pour out the bowl and do not dry it.3) Shake your wet brush a few times to knock off the surface water. Just a few times will do it. When done you shouldn't have any visible drops on the outside of the brush.4) Dip the brush into the tub of cream making contact and pressing down slightly. Then spin the brush 2 full rotations and remove from tub. A little goes a long way here. You can always add more if needed later. You should see a small amount of cream on the tips of all the hairs.5) Swirl brush in bowl in one direction. I go clockwise. Perhaps those south of the equator would go counter clockwise :). Every 10th or so swirl pump the brush once or twice. Repeat until you get a good lather. If you don't start getting a good lather (to thin) in 30ish swirls, spin brush one more time in the cream tub and then continue swirling.I've found this method to be foolproof and gives you a warm and wonderful cream. There is a possibility that you get too much cream versus water with this method. It hasn't happened to me, but if it does (super stiff or chunky) then just wet your fingers in the sink and sprinkle a little water in the bowl. It's likely that different types/quality of brushes could require more or less spinning in the bowl. You'll get the hang of how many times to spin and how hard to press after a few shaves. Remember when spinning the brush in the bowl less is really more.  