review/text: Until the last jug of this product arrived, I agreed with all of the five star reviews -- but then the company changed the formulation. Here's an e-mail I wrote to the company and their boilerplate response:"BLEH! I've been happily using your Double Rich Chocolate Gold Standard 100% Whey for years but the last jug I bought is awful! At first, I thought there was a mistake in the manufacturing process, and then I noticed that you more than doubled the amount of sodium in the product -- up 117%. Why? Not only is the flavor bad, but many manufacturers are actually reducing the sodium content of products for health reasons. As you must be aware, Americans consume way too much sodium. Surely it's not in your interest to promote hypertension among your customers. I'll be checking out other products the next time I buy.""Thank you for choosing ON. Yes, you might have noticed changes in sodium and cholesterol levels on the facts panels of Gold Standard 100% Whey. At this time, the formula has not changed, and macronutrient levels of carbs, protein and fats remain exactly the same. Only levels of sodium and cholesterol have changed - and only because we approved new premium raw ingredient suppliers. Optimum has always made a point of accurately reporting the nutrient profile of all protein powders on facts panels. It's part of our uncompromising commitment to superior quality. Making sure that our valued customers are aware of even these small changes is very important to us.Best Regards!Rebecca JohnsenConsumer Affairs RepOptimum Nutrition/American Bodybuilding"The company failed to address the point of concern. The American Heart Association recommends that Americans consume no more than 1500 mg of sodium daily to reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease: Using just three scoops of this product daily would equal fully one-quarter of that amount. (I have a low-sodium diet, but those who aren't may not be put off by the taste of additional sodium. Nonetheless, few Americans will benefit by having additional sodium added to their diet.)Note that the company website ([...]) has not been updated and still shows 60 mg of sodium per serving of the double rich chocolate variety instead of the actual 130 mg.  