review/text: When I first heard that somebody was actually selling a 5-blade VIBRATING razor, I thought I'd never EVER try it. It sounded like a perfectly good way to turn my face into a pepperoni pizza with extra EVERYTHING on it. The truth, however, is that this is a FANTASTIC product, and I now wish that I'd bought one MUCH sooner.Random thoughts (since so much has already been said in the Amazon reviews here):1. I HATE shaving. I just frigging HATE it. I can never quite seem to get it just right, and I generally do end-up looking like something straight out of a Stephen King novel when I'm done. THIS razor has actually changed that for me; I have yet to cut myself with this thing -- believe me when I tell you that (for me) that is really saying something -- and I honestly think that you'd have to TRY to draw blood with this thing in order to do so.2. Thirty (plus) Dollars for a dozen replacement blades is absurd. (I do pay it, though. Because the shave IS that good.)3. The originally installed blade (usually) in products like these is a high-quality (pharmaceutical grade) titanium (this is true for almost everything sold in this retail space, by the way), and is designed to give you a fantastic first impression -- which it does. The originally installed (set of) blade(s) is an incredibly sharp, long-lasting set -- a finely-tuned, well-engineered piece of highly-toleranced machining that is designed to keep you coming back for more -- which means: buying replacement blades, and a LOT of them. That first, originally-installed set of blades is created to IMPRESS, and the real test of a concept (such as vibrating blades) really needs to be taken past the first usage, and deep into the experience of using replacement blades. I've been using this for about a year, now... and the product continues to impress.4. Replacement blades, of course, are quite different than the originally installed blade -- but there is a simple method to make your replacement blades last much longer than they do, and it's this: spray some shower cleaner on the blades, and hang the razor upside down, so any moisture can drain away. The alcohol within the shower cleaner will pull the water away from the blades, and will keep it away. This will prevent the conditions that create rust on the actual blade(s) -- and without that chance to rust, your blades will last for weeks EACH.5. Shaving with a vibrating razor takes a bit of getting used to: you don't "pull," but instead, you sort of let it "drift." That's not exactly correct, but it's close enough. All you really need to do is to exert enough pressure to indicate the general direction of the stroke, and let the razor DRIFT at its own speed. You don't "pull," and you don't force it. You let it drift.6. Use a good shaving gel, set-up a fogless mirror in the shower, and this thing will give you some incredibly close shaves as you stand under hot water. Take care of your blades with a bit of alcohol-based shower cleaner, hang the unit upside down so water can drain away, and this actually is a worthy investment -- even if they do charge $30 for a set of replacement blades.4 stars.Thirty Dollars for 12 replacement blades is NUTS.That's not even debatable.  