review/text: My daughter had been using the BB Little Potty since she was 6-1/2 months old and I have moved her onto the BB Toilet Trainer at 9-1/2 months. It has a high price tag for a toilet trainer so I also looked at other less expensive ones, some at 1/3 of the cost. But after reading some reviews I decided to fork out the extra $$ because I really believe the BB brand of toilet training products are of superior quality. I'm gald I did - I really think it's worth spending the extra money.The seat itself is very light-weight, but of high quality, sturdy hard plastic. The seat opening is just the right size for a young baby. I didn't realize this until I was at a friend's house and my daughter was using her daughter's potty trainer which was of a different brand. Since my daughter is just 10 months old, her bottom is not very big and she was slipping into the opening of my friend's potty trainer!By adjusting the plastic dial you can tighten the seat securely so it doesn't slide around, even on my oval toilet seat. Until my daughter gets old enough or has a way of communicating to me that she is actually done pottying, I leave her on the toilet for a little longer after she had done some business, in case a "second wave" hits (and a lot of times it does). So meanwhile my daughter moves around a lot, grabbing the toilet paper roll, reaching out for the baby wipe box, reaching for the bathroom counter for toys, and sometimes twisting her body around to check out the BB teddy bear logo. It help a lot because I only have to worry about holding her steady and not having to worry about the seat which always stays put. It's also very easy to take off and put back on and very easy to clean.***** UPDATE *****My daughter is now 18 months old. I'd still stay this is one of the best $30 I've ever spent. My daughter is always on the move. When she's in a good mood sometimes she does a little bit of hopping on the toilet seat. But I have no worries because this seat holds very well and doesn't wobble at all. I do want to metion that my daughter is very slim, although I don't know if that matters much with this seat. I still highly recommend this seat.  