review/text: ****This Kava Stress Relief Tea from Yogi Tea is for anxiety relief. It's an unusual tea, slightly sweet (it contains stevia) and very carob-y. The good news is that it does not have any of the usual kava taste or smell that many people find offensive. The bad news is that I can't feel any of the anxiety relief effects of the tea, although it does say that there are 78mg of kava root extract in the tea. Still, it's a lovely cup of tea, and relaxing because it just tastes good. I can also taste the spiciness of the tea, which is very pleasant. I usually brew two bags in one cup, which is recommended on the package for a stronger and more relaxing effect; however, I even tried four bags once, but still didn't notice a relaxing effect. I am familiar with kava and the overall effect of kava is pretty subtle anyway, so this is something to be aware of. Your experience of the tea may be different.Kava Stress Relief Tea comes with an expiration date (a good thing, because it's not full of preservatives, plus you can tell if it is fresh) and has many organic ingredients.The ingredients in Kava Stress Relief Tea are: kava root extract, carob pod, Indian sarsaparilla root, organic cinnamon bark, organic ginger root, organic cardamom seed, stevia leaf, barley malt, natural hazelnut flavor, natural cinnamon flavor, and natural licorice flavor. Amazingly, I can taste many of these in this lovely and complex cup of tea. I would rate the taste five stars for flavor and uniqueness.Yogi Tea seems to be another company (like Numi, Aspen, Traditional Medicinals) that values sustainable and healthy practices. Their web site has a helpful glossary of tea ingredients and is beautifully designed, with info about each tea they make. Their tea bag tags have metaphysical sayings on them like, "Your breath is the voice of your soul" and "Your head must bow to your heart".Yogi Tea writes this on the box about the tea's benefits: "Kava Stress Relief tea helps you calm down as it relieves stress, anxiety and minor pain, as well as lending gentle support to the digestion and the kidneys. A member of the peppercorn family, Kava (Piper methysticum) is a highly prized medicinal and beverage plant, whose primary benefit is alleviating anxiety. "Kava-kava," native to Oceania and the South Pacific Islands, has been used and cultivated for its ability to calm the body and mind, and encourage a good night's sleep. A powerful antispasmodic, this herb promotes a state of "relaxed unconcern" while compromising neither mental functions nor clarity of thought when used appropriately. Furthermore, Kava has been shown to relax the uterus and relieve menstrual cramps and minor menopausal symptoms.* The Herb Research Foundation (2000) indicates that scientific data supports the use of kava for minor anxiety, stress, restlessness, muscle tension and mild pain. For added flavor, our formula has been complemented with Stevia, Sarsaparilla and Organic Carob. Enjoy a warm soothing cup of Kava Stress Relief, a delicious way to relax."In addition to the standard disclaimer that the tea is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease, there is a warning on the box, "Ask a healthcare professional before use if you have or have had liver problems, frequently use alcoholic beverages, or are taking any medication. Stop use and see a doctor if you develop symptoms that may signal liver problems (e.g., unexplained fatigue, abdominal pain, loss of appetite, fever, vomiting, dark urine, pale stools, yellow eyes or skin). Not for use by persons under 18 years of age, or by pregnant or breastfeeding women. Not for use with alcoholic beverages. Excessive use, or use with products that cause drowsiness, may impair your ability to operate a vehicle or heavy equipment."Note that the media scare about kava several years ago was not for the kava root, and it is my opinion that based on my own research that kava is very safe. However, I am not a physician, and if you have any health concerns, you should check with an appropriate professional.I decided to give Kava Stress Relief Tea four stars since it didn't really work for me. Still, it is a wonderful and recommended tea, and may work for you!****  