review/text: This product is very good for the price. It is NOT the best, but the "best" is only marginally better and costs 3x the price. If you are taking 2-3 shakes a day that can really add up. At the start of 2006, I'd say Biotest produce the best products, you can read about them at T-Nation. HOWEVER they are very expensive and this is a fine product. I would give it 5 stars except it is a bit below the quality of others. Most protein brands I would only give 2 or 3 stars.I am writing this review to help anyone who is unsure, as I was, about FLAVOUR and MIXABILITY. You can read detailed reviews on the bodybuilding website.The flavour is not bad. Mixed only with water, it is not bad at all. Which is important because you will be taking it all the time. I have only tried Vanilla, which I prefer as a flavour, since you can mix it with other things, such as orange juice. The fact that it mixes with water and tastes OK is a great bonus.Mixability - it is about 90% the mixability of the current best in the world. Most powders out there are 80% mixable at best. I mix with a spoon. But really, it pretty much mixes itself. I use it with soda water which fizzes, I put a bit of water in the cup, put the powder on top, stir it - and it fizzes to the top of the cup. Then I stir it up, add more water and it is done. When drunk, there is almost NO residue. That means no washing up. There are always small amounts that are not mixed, but these are very small indeed, and who cares your stomach will mix them. When drunk, the cup needs only a light rinse in water and is practically clean - the best cleanup of any product I have ever seen. Note that these useability benefits - clean mixing, easy cleanup - are essential if you are going to use the stuff multiple times a day. Who wants a trail of dirty cups along the sink?Hope that helps. I certainly would recommend this product to anyone as the base of their protein, even if you can afford the more expensive brands.Good luck with your training.  