review/text: Review based on Extreme Milk Chocolate flavor.There's a reason they call this "Gold Standard." Each scoop packs in 24 g of high quality whey isolates, aka the pure protein good stuff, with only 130 calories and 1.5g Fat per scoop. Whey is a short acting protein, so it's best taken shortly after a lift session. This review is based on the Extreme Milk Chocolate flavor. While it doesn't taste as good as something like Muscle Milk, I didn't expect it to, since it cuts out a ton of the sweeteners and calories found in Muscle Milk. With 8 oz of water, one scoop of this stuff creates a mild, odd chocolate flavor. I wouldn't say it's bad, but I wouldn't say it's good either. With 8 oz of skim milk, the flavor improves a great deal, and is borderline "tasty." With milk, it also creates a much thicker drink of a milkshake like consistency. I will definitely stick to drinking this with milk from now on. If the taste was a little better, I would have given this 5 stars.As a medical student, I know that a lot of these protein supplements are not only unnecessary, but can be dangerous. Excess protein won't help you build muscle any faster. It has the potential to clog up your kidneys and lead to kidney damage at a young age. I spoke with several doctors I've worked with in the hospitals during my rotations and here's the consensus: 1) Keep well hydrated. The more dehydrated you are, the more likely the excess protein will damage your kidneys. 2) Don't over do it. The average person only needs about 1 g of protein per kg body weight. If you're exercising a lot (especially lifting), your protein needs certainly increase, but only to about 1.2 - 1.8 g protein per kg body weight. The average person gets plenty of protein in their everyday diet, so adding a supplement isn't necessary for the vast majority of people. Studies have shown that most people DON'T benefit (ie. gain any more muscle) from adding them to their workout. Here's the thing: If you're dieting, you may be losing some of the normal protein sources in your diet, and therefore, could benefit from some form of protein supplement. That is where I fall in. I am currently trying to shed some pounds with dieting and exercise, while trying to not only maintain, but build some lean muscle. So for me, I think the supplements will be beneficial.Summary and advice: This is a great choice for protein supplementation, especially for those on a diet, due to the high percentage of protein per scoop, with low calorie/low fat profile.  