review/text: This product is very effective in suppressing GERD symptoms, but is not a cure for the root cause. I have suffered from "GERD" for over 4 years now. The Air Force started me on Prevacid after mentioning the word "heartburn", and then switched me to Nexium later. When I got out in 2008, I started buying Prilosec OTC. Then Prevacid OTC came out and I started taking that because it seemed to work the best at suppressing my heartburn.The meds, when I took them, were controlling my heartburn fairly well. However, after reading numerous accounts recently on the effect of these medicines on the digestive system and wanting to find a natural cure, I stopped taking them. The meds were only masking the underlying problem I have going on in my GI tract (ReadWhy Stomach Acid Is Good for You: Natural Relief from Heartburn, Indigestion, Reflux and GERDby Jonathan V. Wright, M.D. for an eye-opening experience - he mentions DGL in the book too). One problem arose from the NSAIDs I was taking for reconstructive knee surgery, which the military docs hand out like candy (Vitamin M, or Motrin as some may know it :-) ). Due to the over-prescription and my own careless use, they were irritating the lining in my stomach and caused chronic gastritis. The gastritis is healing now because I stopped taking them almost 2 months ago. I have been using this DGL product to restore the protective mucus lining in my stomach, allowing the inflammation to heal.The greatest thing about DGL Ultra is that it does NOT suppress stomach acid and it has VERY little glycyrrhizinate (like decaf coffee, it's still has a little of the unwanted substance in it), which can raise blood pressure in some people. If you don't already know this, stomach acid is good for you. I know, that's not what the "doctors" say and sounds counter-intuitive these days. However, the short story is (and you can read more about it in the book mentioned above or many other books on natural cures for GERD that are on Amazon), you need stomach acid to break down the food before it enters the small intestines. If their is insufficient acid, then the "mixture" will stay in your stomach longer, further increasing the chances that it will make it in to your esophagus where you feel the pain. Even a small amount of acid in the esophagus feels like you have too much acid because their is no protective lining in there. The DGL helps to keep the acid from irritating the inflamed lining in my stomach and even healed a cold sore in my mouth.For this product to be most effective, you really should take it on an empty stomach, at least a half hour before a meal and chew thoroughly with very little water. You want it to coat your gastric and intestinal linings so that it can stimulate mucus production BEFORE the acid turns on with a meal. I usually chew 2 tablets at a time between meals and after my last meal at night. If you take this any other way, you may not get the best results. By the way, the German Chocolate flavor tastes pretty good. Keep in mind, this product does have in milk in it though. I am not sure how much and if it will have the same effect if you are allergic to dairy products. You may have to contact the company for more details.  