review/text: Sleep is pretty much the holy grail, the slightest sound and I'm wide awake. Ditto for any hint of light. Hotel rooms are nightmares with all their stupid LEDs, clocks, smoke alarms, TV power indicators, not to mention the power lights for all my idevices. There have been many multi-day business trips where I've gotten zero sleep. I've tried other sleep masks, but the weight of it on the face and how the eyelashes would hit the material when you opened your eyes made it impossible to sleep with them on. I had taken to carrying tape and small pieces of heavy material that I used to cover up the lights for those items that couldn't be unplugged, and clothespins to hold the drapes together to prevent that line of light from creeping in. I have now taken those items out of my travel kit. This mask is amazing - very light weight and molded so that you can open your eyes with it on and not bump into it. I barely notice it is there, and is comfortable enough that I don't push it off part way through the night. It blocks out light well enough that it doesn't disturb me. I even managed to fall asleep in a hotel room last week without realizing I had left the lamp next to the bed on, which was a first. I've also managed to sleep on a plane during the day time, which is another first. I now have two of these, one for home, and one in the travel kit.There are two problems other reviewers have noticed, the first is the thick velcro strap that is used to hold the mask on. Where the straps from each side overlap in the back forms a thick lump. It is big enough to be noticeable. If you sleep on your side, or if you are using the mask on a plane sitting up, you probably won't notice it. You will definitely notice it lying flat on your back in bed. I manage this by angling it downwards to where my solution to the noise problem sits (AcousticSheep SP4BM SleepPhones v.4 - Earset - Retail Packaging - Black). It's about the same thickness as that band, so it is ignorable. The other issue is that the material doesn't completely conform to the face by the nostrils. I'm not sure I understand why, but for some reason, any light let in there, which is extremely small amount, doesn't bother me. In summary, I love this mask.In case people are interested in my current sleep solution, I'll just take a moment to cover it here.I didn't purchase my Sleep Phones (linked above) through Amazon, but, presumably they are the same ones. They are, for the most part, very comfortable. The headband is soft and the speakers are pretty flat. I sleep on my back, so they don't bother me. However, the few times I've laid on my side, they have been noticeable - not terrible, but definitely there. The cord is reasonably long so the device you plug it into doesn't have to be right by your head, but if you toss a lot, you can become tangled in it, and I have, on occasion, managed to pull the jack out of my ipad. It would be really nice if it was cordless - maybe bluetooth enabled or something. I have two of these headbands, one at home, and one in my travel kit.The final piece I've worked out for my sleeping solution is the app used to cover up noise - Relax Melodies Oriental Premium HD (they also have one called Relax Melodies Premium HD that offers similar capabilities). I love this app because it allows you to mix any of the sounds they have at any level (from very soft to very loud), and you can save different mixes for different activities. It also has a few binaural beats that you can add in. My sleep mix has storm waves, thunderstorm, water stream, rain on roof, fire roaring, tropical rain, and a binaural beat - weird I know, but it works for me. The only issues with this app is that it isn't available for the iphone, and it is a memory hog - possibly why it isn't available for the iphone. It means that I sleep with my ipad on the bed, which isn't an ideal solution, but it is worth it.Between this mask, the sleep phones, and the Relax Melodies, for first time since I was 14, I'm sleeping through the night (except when the dry air gets to me - wish I could find a good, reliable solution for that).  