review/text: GOLD STANDARD vs OTHERS: 79% protein by weight vs 95%, cholesterol 30mg vs 4mg, sodium 80 vs 40GOLD STANDARD: Protein Blend (Whey Protein Isolate, Whey Protein Concentrate, Whey Peptides), Cocoa, Processed with Alkali), Natural Flavor, Artificial Flavor, Lecithin, Acesulfame, Potassium, SaltOTHERS: Microfiltered Whey Protein Isolate (milk) (providing &szlig;-lactoglobulin, a-lactalbumin, Immunoglobulins and Glycomacro Peptides) and Soy LecithinI do not consume fat, sugar and salt which you can find mainly in processed foods. The question in here is why would anyone pay for salt more sodium, more cholesterol, potassium in form of supplement, Artificial Flavor in order to get WPI when you can purchase WPI without all those additives. But more importantly I get 81 scoops instead of 70 scoops and 25gr protein instead of 24 for the same amount of money. Marketing, marketing, marketing...Unflavored Whey Protein Isolate is the best priced product out there (GOLD STANDARD is certainly not the one) when it comes to pure protein and nothing else can match for every gram of protein that I get for every single penny that I spend on this protein. No additives, no sweeteners, no chemicals... only pure protein. Whey protein either concentrate or isolate, is the by-product of cheese industry. Years ago the processors were dumping this goodness in the ocean which required them to find an alternative. Whey is the complete protein when making cheese. I consume isolate not concentrate before and after my heavy workouts since in average, human body can not absorb more than 30gr of protein at a time. Unflavored Protein Isolate mixes easily with my organic soy milk without any electrical mixer and tastes just fine. Unflavored Protein Isolate is absorbed in the body within first hour in comparison to Protein Concentrate which takes few hours. Majority of the brands add additives, coloring, sweeteners and chemicals. That is the reason why many producers sell Protein Concentrate not Isolate and majority sell flavored not unflavored. I consume organic yoghurt at night after my workouts so protein is consumed by the body during sleep in few hours. I mix the isolate with un-hulled organic sesame seed, flax seed, cocoa and soy milk. I can not grind sesame seed in the grinder since it is so oily and ruins the grinder and for that flax seed is the best balancer. I grind only for one week at a time and keep it in a sealed glass container in freezer. I consume seeds due to the high mineral content which is a necessity for my healthy diet. Education is the best tool of all. I Read the ingredients and insure that any ingredient that I consume is needed by my body before consumption. There are many different approaches out there when it comes to a diet. Any unwanted ingredient is damaging to my liver even water since it means more work for my liver. The trick is to find the right balance so I can do the sports that I love and to enjoy those sports.I have real researched and experiment many different routes to get protein since I do not consume chicken or beef, only small fish. In regard to protein, I used to purchase 5 lb container but now I purchase 10 lb bags and my experience has proven to me;1. AMOUNT: Apparently human body requires one gram of protein for each pound of weight. A 160lb person needs 160gr of protein a day. I am into many different sports and extremely healthy diet with a fat ratio of a healthy individual. I surf, mountain bike, hike and do resistance training. With this kind of activities it would require 1.2gr instead of 1.00gr protein per pound of weight. My protein intake is around half of the required claims. I do not eat chicken or beef. My main diet is first fruits, then nuts, then vegetables and then fish. No farm raised fish, only wild small fish like salmon, sprats, sardine, herring... I consume organic yogurt, cheese and eggs as well. Majority of time I hardly even get 50% protein a day from my diet since I do not eat eggs, cheese or fish every single day.2. TYPE: Only few fruits, vegetables or nuts may have a complete protein despite all the claims out there. None is as complete as dairy or flesh except some exceptions like quinoa and followed by hemp, soy, etc. in running distant since majority lack the complete list of amino acids or portion of those amino acids.3. CALORIES: Since I do not eat meat except fish my other complete protein intake is from cheese, yogurt and eggs. To increase my daily complete protein, any of those products will MOST LIKELY increase my calories, cholesterol and fat. Having lower muscle index makes the activities difficult since it makes me less agile.5. PROTEIN: One 10LB protein isolate $90 has (162 scoops)x( 25gr protein)=4,050gr in comparison to ($90 isolate)/(.12 egg)=750 eggs. To avoid cholesterol I will need to separate the white from the yolk. An egg at $.12 cents with (3.6gr white)+(2.69gr yolk)=6.29gr protein in a single egg, will add up to (750 eggs)x(3.6gr protein)=2,700gr protein. I will get (4,050-2,700)=1,350gr of additional protein with the isolate in comparison to egg white. Not the ones sold in stores with additives as egg white but the real goodness of egg white.6. CALORIES: One 10LB protein isolate $90 has (162 scoops)x(105 calories)=17,010 and a single egg offers (17 white)+(55 yolk)=72 calories which will add up to (750 eggs)x(17 calorie)=12,750 calories. Unfortunately the isolate comes with unwanted (17,010-12,750)=4,260 calories which is less than two pounds of weight but I do not have to worry about refrigeration, labor to separate the yolk, the time lost that I can enjoy actually doing the sports that I love and enjoy.7. FAT: One 10LB protein isolate $90 has (162 scoops)x(1gr fat)=161gr fat which I need due to my diet. Egg whites have zero fat.8. CARBS: One 10LB protein isolate $90 has (162 scoops)x(1gr carb)=162 and eggs will add up to (750 eggs)x(2gr carbs)=1,500gr carbs. I will avoid (1,500-160)=1,340gr of carb which will turn into fat. It is said that you need 60% carb and 40% fat.  