review/text: I love Breathe Right Nasal Strips. I have hayfever and I snore, so I was definitely a candidate to use them. I didn't think they would make much of a difference, but it's like night and day. To get an idea of what they could do for you, gently grab your nostrils and pull them down and apart. Ahhhh.The instructions say you will need to use them for a few nights to retrain yourself to breathe through your nose while sleeping. I used to often, if not usually, wake up with a dried-out mouth (from breathing with my mouth open), but with a nose strip on, this never happens. I also wake up feeling much more refreshed. Every now and then I get lazy and don't put one on at bedtime, but I always regret it. Once you get used to sleeping with these, you feel miserable trying to sleep without one.In fact, in the morning when you peel it off, you'll wish you could leave it on. I sometimes *have* left them on. I've even forgotten and gone out in public with them on (which, surprisingly, hardly seems to draw a second glance).If your complexion isn't too oily, you may be able to get double duty out of a strip by using it twice. Save the little pull tabs to replace in the morning, and weight the strip to flatten it. I always use my strips twice and only rarely have any trouble with them sticking the second night. Be sure to wash your nose immediately before applying the strip (and use an astringent if your complexion is very oily).If you are wondering if the small/medium is big enough for you, it almost certainly is. I recommend these to all my friends, and even those with the biggest of noses use this size (including men). You might need the large size only if you have a very broad nose.As others have noted, the strips feel a little weird at first, but you'll quickly get used to it. As I said, I sometimes forget I even have one on. Give yourself time to adjust, and you'll love these.I can't recommend this product enough. The price here is very good, too--comparable to the price at a warehouse store. If you have allergies, problems with snoring, or a deviated septum, you need these.  