review/text: I'll update this if I change my mind, but overall I'm disappointed.I bought it because I am having excruciating pelvic bone pain if I walk too much (a trip to the grocery store = too much). I also have some bad ligament pain too, but it is nothing compared to the pelvic pain. Desperate for some relief, I coughed up the 80 bucks and bought this. It finally came today after 6 days of waiting on the couch since I couldn't do much of anything else and I used it for the rest of the day. My tummy is now incredibly sore from where the bottom band was cutting into my skin. I did remove the crotch covering part, just to see if it would work without it, so maybe that has something to do with it, but that's doubtful. It also seemed to make the ligament pain worse, especially when I was sitting down. I thought lifting my belly some would help the ligament stuff (I thought it was supposed to), but the strap pressing around it just seems so strain it more. While I was wearing it, it did mildly help the pelvic pain, but not enough to be worth 80 bucks, even without all the other issues. It's still painful to put pants on without sitting down, and stepping over things or basically anything that involves spreading my legs apart, hurts. The upper straps also cut into my skin... and that's not a place you want straps cutting into you.I will try to keep wearing it for a week to see if it helps my hips at all, but I need to figure out a way to make it stop cutting into my skin first (fleece patch where it goes against your skin)? Some people did say they wanted to remove the crotch part but didn't because of the velco. If you love this product, you could easily get some velco patches from any craft store or craft section of a store and simply put that over it. It didn't really bother me, however.As for fitting, besides the cutting into me, it does fit right. By my pre pregnancy weight, I fell between a petite and a small, leaning towards the petite, but went for the small. At first I felt like it needed to be tighter and more supportive, but obviously with the cutting into my skin deal, it's definitely tight enough.Oh, and it didn't keep the kid out of my lower pelvis either. I was kind of hoping it'd keep her from wedging herself in there, but nope... she's pretty bound and determined to kick the crap out of my bladder! :)  