review/text: #I am disappointed that anyone would ever even consider buying this product after reading a little about it. If you are sure you're going to buy it and you just want more confirmation that you should, then you are a true believer in this sort of scam product and you need not, and probably should not, read further.But if you are looking for a factual, reasoned review of Gaia Herbs Quick Defense so you can make a rational decision whether to buy it and use it, then do keep reading.(I can tell from the nature of the several Amazon ratings and reviews of Gaia Herbs Quick Defense so far that I will probably not get many positive ratings of this very review, but I have to tell the truth. And unlike many of my previous reviews, in this one I will not exaggerate or make stuff up or try to be entertaining.)This product claims it "[m]aintains a healthy inflammatory response" and that it can "rapidly support the body's response to immune stressors" and that it can "initiate a healthy inflammatory and immune response when the body is challenged" and that it is an "[e]ffective synergistic formula." All of those claims are so vague as to be meaningless. They are, when challenged, entirely devoid of any assertion of fact that can be tested. Unless the manufacturer can point to properly designed experiments in which legitimate scientists have conducted double-blind studies that prove this product is especially effective at "maintaining a healthy inflammatory response" or any of the other nebulous claims it makes, this product's effectiveness relies on the placebo effect, cherry-picking results, success bias, almost completely useless anecdotes, and other logical problems. In short, it relies on true believers, people who eschew real evidence and prefer to believe believe believe that this product and all the thousands of similar scam products over the year really do what they claim, whatever that is. This is snake oil in a capsule. Well, 20 capsules!Speaking of which, the members of Gaia Herb's "Scientific Advisory Board" are all said to Doctors of Naturopathy, and they even have the designation N.D. after their names and call themselves "doctor," and they take money for diagnosing and treating people -- people who might really have a disease that real doctors could treat -- using ludicrous beliefs that flatly contradict science. Oh, except one member of Gaia's Scientific Advisory Board, who just happens to be the "CEO/President/Founder" of Gaia Herbs, Inc. of Brevard, North Carolina, named Richard Scalzo, who has only an honorary doctorate in naturopathy. That's like having a fake decoder ring from the bottom of a cereal box, except that at least along with the fake decoder ring you get some cereal.You don't have to take my word for it that this product is worthless. The manufacturer is required by law to tell you that the following statements they make "have not been evaluated by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration":-- "Rapid immune response at onset*"-- "Quick Defense supports the body's rapid response to immune stressors. Made with certified organic Echinacea, Black Elderberry, and Ginger extracts, plus wild-harvested Andrographis, Quick Defense is highly effective when taken at onset. It has a high concentration of Echinacea Alkylamides - the constituents most effective at initiating an immune response.*"-- "Normalizes the immune response*"-- "Support for respiratory defenses*"*The asterisks all refer to the very statement that the very statements are untested and unreliable.As I say, it is impossible to test whether the product really does maintain a healthy inflammatory response or support respiratory defenses, because no one knows what those terms mean. The claims the manufacturer makes have not been evaluated by the FDA because there's nothing there for the FDA to test. The claims are just borderless air, just blurry buzz words to lure the true believers in.Here's another reason you don't have to take my word for it that this product is worthless. The manufacturer itself says so. Gaia Herbs of Brevard, North Carolina, makes this explicit statement with regard to Gaia Herbs Quick Defense:THIS PRODUCT IS NOT INTENDED TO DIAGNOSE, TREAT, CURE, OR PREVENT ANY DISEASE.Now, understand that Gaia Herbs of Brevard, North Carolina, wishes it didn't have to admit to that in capital letters. But they do, by law. They are required to tell you, the potential purchaser of this product, that IT DOES NOT WORK. Let's examine the first and third of those four first.It's perfectly fine that the product does not DIAGNOSE, because no one expects it to, not even the true believers. And it's OK that the product does not CURE, as in getting antibiotics for gonorrhea, because I will charitably assume Gaia Herbs never made such a claim.But that leaves the second and fourth reasons the manufacturer admits the product doesn't work, and they are exactly what these capsules (seem to) claim.The manufacturer specifically states that the product does not TREAT or PREVENT ANY DISEASE, which would include colds and the flu at one end and ALS and lung cancer at the other.Read that again. The very maker of the product under review specifically states that it does not TREAT or PREVENT ANY DISEASE. If you take the product at the "onset" as they recommend, it will not treat ANY disease. Not only that, it will not PREVENT any disease.But wait, there's more. It gets worse for the true believers, the ones who don't want to consider even the most obvious, in-your-face evidence, which is a written admission of failure by the very maker of the product. Not only does Gaia Herbs, Inc. have to admit their product doesn't do anything medically useful, they have to admit they NEVER INTENDED IT TO. Read that again, in case you're considering the possibility you're a true believer who shouldn't be.Gaia Herbs of Brevard, North Carolina, specifically and in no uncertain terms confesses that this product was never even MEANT to treat or prevent disease of any kind.You are now allowed to wonder what they DID intend it for, what effect it is supposed to have, why it exists. The answer to all three is simple: profit. I'm not saying profit per se is undesirable, I'm just saying at least some of it is earned by Gaia Herbs by taking advantage of credulous and sometimes desperate people who are willing to pay large amounts of money for what turns out to be nothing more than (what seems to be) a sense of peace of mind.Does the fact the maker admits its product was never even intended to treat or prevent any disease contradict your initial understanding of their marketing claims about the product's effects? If it does, you've been fooled into ignoring that unequivocal confession and attending only to the nebulous claims, and no doubt reading your own interpretation into those claims. That's the nice thing about vague assertions: They can easily conform to so many people's idiosyncratic interpretations, no matter how much they differ from one another and no matter how easily those interpretations can adjust themselves if you're a true believer so that they (seem to) come true. This is exactly what the manufacturer wants.The manufacturer wants to trick you so it can generate more revenue.From a marketing standpoint it's doubly brilliant that you're told to take the pills "at onset." Of course, they don't reveal what sort of onset they're referring to, which allows the true believers to choose any little sign or symptom -- a little tickle in the throat, a small sniffle, a slightly stifled sinus, a glimmer of a headache or an upset stomach or anything else they want, however subjective it might be -- as the "onset" of any of a wide variety of medical conditions, which is brilliant, because so many true believers so actively and frequently look for and attach unreasonable significance to such little signs.But even more brilliant is that almost all such little signs or symptoms do NOT lead to a medical condition such as a cold or the flu anyway, which means the pills will (seem to) have worked no matter what. You might as well wave a magic wand "at onset," because you weren't going to get worse anyway. It seems unlikely the maker wants you to consider that possibility.And in the unlikely event you do get worse, well then, that means the product didn't work, doesn't it?But there is a significant difference between popping these pills and waving a wand, and that is these pills are not placebo, i.e., they are not sugar pills. They contain compounds, including the current darling of the true believers, echinacea, that can affect the human body. But here again, you don't have to take my word for it, because the manufacturer admits it.Here's the warning on their Web site: "Not to be used during pregnancy or lactation. If you have a medical condition or take pharmaceutical drugs, please consult with your doctor before using this product. Keep away from children." I daresay a lot of people who use these pills or are considering doing so also have a medical condition or take pharmaceutical drugs, and most likely both, and to all of you it should be a concern that the manufacturer is warning you not to take this product without consulting a doctor (presumably a real doctor, not a Naturopath or some pseudo-doctor like that). If I were taking a doctor-prescribed drug or just over-the counter medicine, or if I had a medical condition (and who doesn't?), I'd want to know that Gaia Herbs Quick Defense might make me worse and that the maker admits it is not innocuous like a magic wand.And especially since the recommended dosage is a whopping "2 capsules 5 times daily for 2 days at onset." That's an average of one capsule every 2.4 hours for 48 hours.It's also darned inconvenient to have to follow such a schedule. And it's doubly so if you follow the rest of the advice, which is to "Repeat if necessary," which means another two days of 2 capsules 5 times a day.The manufacturer really, really wants you to repeat. Not because that will have any additional beneficial effects on your health, of course, but because that significantly increases their profit.And it's quite a profit, or so I would guess. The cost to you if you go through the mere two-day regimen is over $18. That's right, one box of 20 capsules -- which is ONE recommended course -- sells on Amazon right now for $17.99 plus S&H.; That's $9 a day out of your pocket. You can get a cheap magic wand such asClassic Magic Wand for Childrenon Amazon for only $3, and it will presumably last forever:). And $9 a day will buy you a lot of chicken soup, which you can eat whenever you want, plus which you don't need a doctor's permission first (and for which there is at least SOME evidence of efficacy:). At $1.50 per can of condensed chicken soup, which makes 20 ounces, for $9 you can make 120 ounces, or 15 cups, of soup a day.#True believers will unthinkingly absorb the various overt and covert marketing messages and become convinced this product is a good deal, that it works, and that they should buy it and use it and keep on doing so. True believers will ignore the following facts that critical thinkers won't:#1. The maker indisputably wants you to believe that taking this product will in some way stave off or perhaps ameliorate some sort of bad medical condition.#2. However, the maker does not ever really reveal what the product does or what condition or disease it's supposed to help with, so it's obviously impossible to test whether it works.#3. And the maker does admit the product does not successfully treat or prevent ANY disease. Further, the maker admits it never even INTENDED the product to treat or prevent any disease. See #1 above.#4. The maker admits the product, which you're supposed to eat a lot of, CAN harm fetuses and breast-feeding babies and maybe almost everyone else in the world.Why would anyone pay $18 to eat 20 capsules over ten sessions over two days that don't do anything except maybe harm you?And now, just before I give only 1 star to this product, I have to make a confession, which is that, for obvious reasons, I did not try it before reviewing it.#Addition of February 3, 2012ladyfingers has kindly left a comment, which you should read if you want to before reading further here. Below is my response to her comment, which I now see should have been integrated into the original review.ladyfingers, you say echinacea sometimes stops your colds dead if caught soon enough, but you seem to have missed my point that you probably wouldn't have gotten worse anyway. You also bring up the point that you are the one who decides whether you noticed the onset soon enough before starting the regimen. If you take the capsules and no cold develops, you give the credit to the pills and you give credit to yourself for catching it soon enough. If you take the capsules and you do develop symptoms, you blame yourself for not catching it soon enough and you convince yourself it would have been worse and lasted longer but for the pills. Either way the capsules or the waving of the magic wand or the laying on of "healing touch" hands cannot be proved wrong.Anytime you have arranged your assumptions so that a particular conclusion cannot be disproved, you have yourself a logical fallacy, and that means we cannot rely on that conclusion. It cannot be proved wrong that a plaid unicorn is resting on your left shoulder right this instant if I define it as invisible and weightless and silent and always able to fly away if something's about to touch it. But that doesn't mean there IS a plaid unicorn on your shoulder.As to your experiences, while they are obviously convincing to you, they are of no evidentiary value because you were unable to run the control test, the one in which you do not take the product and see what happens. For each such opportunity, each such "onset," you have the choice of taking the product or not, but you can't choose both, so it's impossible for the experiences of any one test subject to be validated. To do that you have to run tests on several people -- dozens if not hundreds -- and give some of them the product and some a placebo capsule. They shouldn't know which is which, which makes it a blind study. And also, the people wo assess the results -- who observe and measure and record the nature and extent and severity and duration of signs and symptoms such as throat color, nasal discharge, temperature, and so on -- must not know which subject got which capsule, which makes it a double-blind study. Unless this sort of procedure is followed, one cannot reach any reliable conclusion based on anecdotal evidence of the sort you and so many thousands of others have offered. That's why I said anecdotal evidence is "almost completely useless."#  