review/text: If you are looking for a liner to shave and to line your hair and beard up, you came to the wrong place. Go buy a Andis Outliner. It will line your hair and beard up crisp and clean. But if you are looking for a Mustache/Beard trimmer, you came to the RIGHT PLACE.I initially was looking for something to shave and something to line with. That is not the case with this product. It does EXACTLY as it says it does. It trims and edges just well enough for you to have a nice beard. The built in comb is FANTASTIC. I used it to keep a small goatee, while removing it to cleanse my face of any and all unwanted hair. It cuts CLOSE at level one, and even closer when you take off the gaurd. Just a little bit above the Outliner I was speaking about earlier. Me personally, because I'm young (18) and do not have alot of facial hair, I simply keep it at a nice 3. It keeps my face hair dark and visible yet not thick. This brings me to the complaints I've heard about the built in comb.While I do agree with some people, it feels odd to take it off as you feel as you may brake it in the beginning, you get used to it. I fear that because it is NOT very thick it COULD break, but because my beard is not very thick it would not be a big problem for me. This is partly because it comes with a mini comb also to use for say eye brow trimming (watch out! I have not attempted this and do not recommend it if you are NOT confident in your abilities). This is still a shame as it is a very good adition especially when it has 9 levels from border line afro, to level one 5oClock Shadow.I have had this item for about 2 months now. It is a very good product and I recommend it for its use. I have heard problems about it dying on you in the first year and what not, BUT don't be afraid as it COMES WITH A 2 YEAR WARRANTY FREE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I can't stress this enough. Simply keep the box and the instruction manual it comes with and you should be fine for the next 2 years. It does NOT work when plugged in so (run on AC current) so it is a problem, but just follow the directions in the instruction booklet (Such as NOT leaving it charged 24/7, and letting the battery die FULLY every 6 months) and you SHOULD be fine. If not, there is always that 2 year warranty Lol.Final Thoughts:Overall I'm happy with my purchase. It does exactly as its advertised (except for the water thing, NEVER PUT WATER ON IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! it comes with SELF SHARPENING BLADE and a CLEANING BRUSH! If you put water on it, it will ruin it!) and gets the job done fairly well for its pricing. The only con is it does NOT do Tape Ups for a hair line like I hoped it would, but thats my own foolish assumptions. Any way if you would like to keep your bear/moostachio in mint condition this does the job well with no nicking and cutting, a smooth cut, and a strong battery! I recomend it 4/5 stars!  