review/text: This kit forms an outstanding foundation to your lightweight emergency survival pack. The contents are high quality and thoughtfully prepared, and the whole thing is silly-inexpensive for what you get. Indeed, anyone would be hard-pressed to assemble a comparable kit for the price. Given the cost, size, and quality of this mini-survival kit, there really isn't any reason you shouldn't have one of these on your person every time you lace up your hiking boots. You don't need to be a survivalist to recognize the value of preparedness, and this kit is a great way to start if you are even remotely likely to be stuck in the woods, lost on the trail, injured, or otherwise in need of a rescue in the backcountry.The kit contains items that can provide for your rescue (signal mirror, whistle), food (through snares and/or fishing), heat, shelter, and more, and it all comes in a reasonably waterproof bag that will fit in your shirt pocket. Chances are, you will never need it. If you do, it is likely to make you much more comfortable at a minimum, and may very well save your life. Any student of outdoor survival or disaster preparedness should have one of these. I have two: One tucks nicely, along with waterproof matches, into the hollow stock of my Papoose, a small break-down .22 rifle; The other lives in the bottom of my 18 liter daypack, along with first aid kit and other items that flesh out my emergency gear.As with anything of this kind, it is best to have as much familiarity with it as possible. If you really and truly need it, for example, you are stuck somewhere and possibly cold, or hungry, or scared, or all three... and in any case in a state of being fairly stressed out. In this situation it would be much better to have already experienced making a fire with a flint and tinder. You don't really want to be using these things for the first time when your life may depend on it, at least not if you can help it. Ideally, take the contents out - or better still, get an extra kit that you can use just for practice - and familiarize yourself with all the items and use them for their intended purpose if you can.While an excellent foundation, this kit is not comprehensive and you should complement it with other essentials and personalize it to suit you. I've added a multi-toolLeatherman 830040 New Wave Multi-Tool with Nylon Sheath, water purifying tabletsPolar Pure Water Disinfectant With Iodine Crystals, a knife Benchmade Mini Barrage Knife, first aid kit Adventure Medical Kits Ultralight & Watertight .9 (updated), an emergency shelter/bivy sack, and a compass Silva Polaris to the daypack I have with me whenever I go out for so much as a dayhike. I carry the Polaris compass with me as I prefer to have a known reliable compass for orienteering. Of course I also have water with me, food, etc.For those introducing themselves to hiking, camping, or emergency preparedness, I would recommend a search online of the 'ten essentials' as a foundation on which to build an understanding of surviving outdoors when you don't intend to. It has happened many times before: people start out on a sunny, warm day on a dayhike with no gear whatsoever and in shirtsleeves, the weather turns nasty or snowy, and they become a topic of the evening news. Sometimes it works out with a rescue, sometimes not.This little kit easily warrants five stars-plus. Highly recommended!  