review/text: I have done colon cleansers before like the Almighty Cleanse with minimal side effects. So I decided to try something new to help my constipation issues. I decided to go with Oxy Powder due to all the great reviews and it appeared to have all natural organic ingredients. Now bear in mine I did a lot of extensive research-reading all the reviews, contacting the company (which the representatives were nice) and even speaking to a pharmacist before using this product to make sure I was okay with my decision to try it. So I gave it a shot.The first night I took 4 capsules and did drink plenty of water with lemon juice throughout the whole day. The next day I only had 1 bowel movement. On day 2 I upped my dosage to 6 capsules and the next day had 2 bowel movements. On day 3 I upped it to 7 capsules and 2-2 1/2 bowel movements. Then I upped it to 8 and the next day had 4 bowel movements and I continued this pace for 7 days. On day 8 (1st day off cleanse) I noticed my side was hurting a lot and I was in intense pain and had to go to the doctor because I started bleeding. I have never had pain like this before and was very concerned. On day 9 I took 6 capsuled of Oxy Powder as maintenance and I notice on day 10 my pain intensified. So I am unsure if this is related to the Oxy Powder however I have never experienced this before.Since this happened I have discontinued using Oxy Powder but I am left with a dull ache on the entire left side of my stomach that and intermittent sharp pains that I never had before. So now I have to go see a gastrologist and have a colonscopy and endoscopy $750.00 :( I am hoping I did not suffer intestinal damage because of this product. I did return the product and I was promised a refund. The representative at Global Healing was really nice!I want to also say I did drink plenty of water while I was taking Oxy Powder and do drink a lot of water on a daily basis. So I am unsure if I have done more harm than good with this product.I would recommend anyone considering this product to check with their physician first to make sure it is safe for your body. I give this product 3 stars because even though it did not work for me the representatives at Global Healing were extremely professional and nice!****P.S.***** I am currently taking extra virgin coconut oil and benefiber with decaffeinated tea to help with constipation issues and so far it is working I am having between 2-3 bowel movements a day!  