review/text: I guess this is what happens when a company gets too big. It sits back on its laurels and outsources to China.First off, the electric shaver it was replacing was a Japanese "national" brand battery operated single rotary head shaver that was smaller than the palm of your hand, yet lasted over twenty years of daily use, including travel, camping, a good many drops, and a couple of accidental submersions. Purchased in Japan back in 1987, it always shaved close, never nicked or irritated, did its job in under two minutes, and cost less than $20 (adjusted Yen to Dollar).Now to Braun's cruZer Z-50; reputable Braun name, rechargeable foil shaver with loads of gadgets for sideburn / beard grooming, all for under $50. A bit pricey, but seemed like it would make a fine replacement shaver.Wrong! After charging it up, as per the instructions, I tried shaving the one day old growth and didn't notice any difference. I still had all the same stubble stuck to my face instead the shaver. Blade to the rescue while reviewing the instructions at work to try and figure out if I did anything wrong. Next morning disassembled / reassembled the shaver to check that it was working properly and wound up with the same results. Over the course of the following couple weeks, I tried hot wet electric shaving, electric shaving with creams and gels, spending ten freakin' minutes doing a two minute job, combining all of the above - all with the same dismally disappointing results, but with varying levels of rash streaks on my cheeks and neck - and still having to go back over with a blade razor daily.In the end, I was donated (Yes, DONATED by a work colleague) a 2nd hand, "2nd rate" Norelco rotory. The Norelco works, the Braun does not, and I can not replace my old national that bit the dust. I will not speak of Braun's more expensive model shavers as I have a friend who speak well of his, but as for my future backing of Braun products, I think I'll stick to their Formula 1 race cars and skip on their shavers.  