review/text: So I picked this trimmer for the following reasons:- no oiling/ maintenance free- cordless, but rechargeable- low price point- number of positive reviewsAfter giving it an initial try here's what I've come up with:Pros:-Its relatively easy to use, even it the angling is a bit awkward. The adjustment mechanism feels good and it is easy to see what number it is on.- Worked well for its intended purpose- seems to be made well enough, especially for the priceCons:-Though it doesn't mention one anyway, there was no stand for the unit, which is a little inconvenient.- You cannot use it while it is plugged in. Rather you can, but it wont power the unit. The actual adapter looks like a 3.5 mm headphone jack and plug. Its a bit unusual and I assume that its the reason why it cant be used "pass thru".- No warning when power dips too low for use. When I first opened it I tried to test it out without charging. It started fine, but then suddenly slowed to an unusable rate. It appears to have a light on it, but I didn't notice it on when this happened.- While it has quite a number of adjustments, unfortunately the gaps between may be a bit extreme for some people. Also I found that on the lowest setting it wasn't as short as I'd like to see. I ended up using a 4 for the bulk of the trimming, but I will still require the use of my Braun electric for touching up.-Angle is awkward to handle. I found it hard to make consistent strokes due to the severe angle of the head, luckily it doesn't affect the results, just the comfort of use.Conclusion:Overall I think if you maintain any facial hair this is a great tool, however don't expect it to be a one stop tool. That being said it trimmer very well, with no tugging or jamming (my beard is pretty thick). I cant speak for the maintenance free area. They include a small brush to clean out the head, so depending on how you feel, that may be much for you. I found after one charged use it required it (it retains a lot of hair). It would appear it would require it every use, which is a little annoying, but is depended on your habits and usage too.  