review/text: I have tried every arthritis cream/product out there for my knees. I've taken far too many glucosamine products and none of them worked. I've tried every topical cream with little to no results.I had pretty much decided I would learn to live with the exruciating pain of arthritis when out of desperation (and wanting to be able to walk with my kids) I tried Australian Dream. I almost didn't buy it because of the price and I thought it may end up in the failure pile of products.I'm glad I took the chance. It has made an amazing difference in my life. I use it about four times a day, and I am pain-free. If I know I'm going to be out walking quite a bit, or on my feet more than usual, I use it right before I go out.I am now ordering back up supplies so I never run out of it, I highly recommend it!UPDATE JANUARY 6, 2013I did end up having a total knee replacement in July of 2010.Even though the Australian Dream worked for the pain and inflammation I wanted to live without having pain return, so I went for the surgery.While many people breeze through knee replacement, just as many do not. It is a surgery that basically amputates a portion of your leg and replaces it with an artificial solution. The serious recovery time (in home health care, blood thinners, narcotic pain relievers, occupational and physical therapy, using a walker then a cane, no driving, etc.) took 6 weeks. The "back to normal life and activities" still hasn't happened, 2 1/2 years later. I have different issues with the artificial joint, but issues nonetheless.Now my other knee needs done. I'm 48, and I still have children at home. I'm not going through that again just to gamble, hoping for a halfway solution. I still use Australian Dream, every day. I have added other things to my pain management regimen that have pretty much given me a 90% solution. I am pain free most days and have mobility.Along with using the Australian Dream, I drink tart cherry juice concentrate twice a day (2 tablespoons ech time). It was recommended by the Arthritis Foundation and AARP to relieve pain and inflammation. It works, and has studies to back up its use as an anti-inflammatory. Amazon sells it, I use Tart is Smart.If I overdo it by doing heavy cleaning or am out all day walking, I use Vicozen for instant pain relief. It works better than OxyContin and Percoset ever did, it has all natural ingredients, and it doesn't have side effects beyond tasting horrible. Amazon also sells it.For preventative measures to avoid stiffness, I use Therma Care heat wraps. They're fantastic for nighttime use so you can get out of bed without stiffness. I also use them if I'm going to be sitting for long periods of time.I hope everyone finds pain relief at some point. Arthritis is a horrible disease that like one reviewer said makes you desperate for relief. For me, even surgery didn't completely provide that. My advice is to consider using multiple strategies, and develop a regimen that gives you your quality of life back.  