review/text: FIRST THOUGHTS: MY 4TH CHOICE, BUT SOMETIMES IT IS THE CHOICE!The Vitamin Shoppe often has a promotion whereby orders over $75 receive free shipping and handling. Since I usually order things from Vitamin Shoppe that I can't find elsewhere, I might have to add an item or two that I typically buy anyway, but usually elsewhere, so that I meet the $75. minimum for free shipping. This Astragalus is one of those items. Ordinarily I buy it from Swanson, either the "Nature's Way" or the "Swanson Brand", but there is nothing wrong with this Vitamin Shoppe brand except that it costs 'slightly' more.*- Please Note, these capsules are 500 mg., most others are 400-470 mg.EVERYDAY TONIC FOR GOOD HEALTH but YOU'LL HAVE TO TAKE ALOT OF CAPSULESEVERYDAY TONIC FOR GOOD HEALTHASTRAGALUS IS THE EVERYDAY TONIC FOR GOOD HEALTH that does many things for you. "Astragalus Root (Huang qi) has been used as a popular herbal tonic in China for many centuries. Some of the known active components include flavonoids, free amino acids, trace minerals and polyphenols." In fact, it is even better than all that, as several recent clinical trials in China have shown that astragalus enhances immune function and improves survival in some people with cancer. It is even nutritious.WHAT "ASTRAGALUS" IS GOOD FOR - ACCORDING TO HEALTHNOTES:"Common cold/sore throat, Heart attack, Hepatitis, Immune function, Infection, Systemic lupus erythematosus."I have found Astragalus useful for when I have upper respiratory symptoms, as it definitely reduces histamine production for me.Healthnotes also suggests rather large daily doses, around 9-15 grams, to achieve a therapeutic tonic or curative effect. That large dose is the reason I suggest procuring the raw herb by the pound or kilo and adding it to your food or drink, and/or making your own 00 or 000 size capsules.THE KEY TO USING ASTRAGALUS EFFECTIVELY:The key here, is that the research done on Astragalus suggests daily doses of 9-25 grams of the herb daily or 18-50 capsules per day. Unlike many medicinal herbs, Astragalus is quite safe for everyday use and in large doses. The only caution I have ever come across in the research literature was a single mention in one study about the potential for excessive selenium consumption, but that was only a theory and was not empirically confirmed ever, to my knowledge. Since Astragalus rarely grows well in high selenium soils this is probably not worth mentioning.Therefore the only problem I have had with this product is the same I have with Brewer's Yeast tabs. You can't realistically get a large enough dose to be therapeutic unless you take the powder. Oh, and it tastes rather yukky!In the Orient, Huang qi [Astragalus] typically is used in Traditional Chinese Medicine as part of one's everyday diet. Oriental soups prepared daily are usually peppered with wierd twigs that impart both their flavor and medicinal properites into the meal. After cooking has leached the whole good from the twigs, they are removed and discarded. Those wierd twigs are astragalus and this is the best way to include this quietly potent tonic "warming herb" into your daily routine. Unfortunately, westerners have a little trouble getting this type of home made stew into their menus everyday, so for them the convenience of Astragalus Powdered Herb added like Wheat Germ or Brewer's Yeast to drinks, soups and meals may do the trick as the taste is not bad. In my case I kill three birds with one stone by mixing 1 tablespoon of Astragalus Powder along with Brewers Yeast and Ginger into a diluted quart of grapefruit juice. Light on the Ginger. Yum! I also add Astragalus powder to soups and yogurt that I consume through the day. I manage to ingest about 15 grams a day or the equivalent of 30 capsules and I do see a therapeutic benefit especially in the area of overall immunity.This "VITAMIN SHOPPE" product is excellent, and it was the FOURTH Astragalus I had tried [after the NOW & NATURE'S WAY & SWANSON brands]. However, I wish they offered it as a powder by the pound so that taking the larger therapeutic doses I feel are needed would be more convenient and less expensive. "Nature's Way" does offer a standardized astragalus and though more expensive, it is more concentrated. These Vitamin Shoppe raw, whole herb capsules are almost inexpensive enough to take the 20+ capsules per day required to achieve a therapeutic effect.PERHAPS A STANDARDIZED PRODUCT?I am currently considering switching to a standardized product because of the sheer bulk of raw herbal product needed to achieve a therapeutic effect for me. "Nature's Way" offers such a product, but it is relatively expensive. "Now" offers a "Standardized to min. 70% Polysaccharides" product in V-caps [90] with a $14.99 list price. "Swanson" offers 180 standardized capsules through Amazon for $18.39. We'll see!SAFETY RECORD:Astragalus is among the safest herbs on the market. According to "Healthnotes, "there are no known side effects or drug interactions". Dr. James Duke rates the suggested daily doses as,"safe as a cup of coffee." My personal experience using Astragalus daily for 3 years is without incident.[I AM NOT AFFILIATED WITH ANY PRODUCT OR COMPANY ------ ** I DO PLAN TO REVIEW MORE VITAMIN SHOPPE PRODUCTS IN THE FUTURE AS THEY DO OFFER MANY PRODUCTS THAT ARE MY FIRST CHOICE UNEQUIVOCALLY, UNLIKE THIS PRODUCT]  