review/text: Whey Protein is critical for any athlete doing intense exercise. Whey is supreme over other protein for post-workout due to its fast rate of absorption into the bloodstream to prevent catabolism and aid recovery. I choose Optimum Nutrition for all my whey needs.I follow ABC bodybuilding's article on the Window of Opportunity. Everyone should read this article and use this formula. This is the best guideline on essential supplementation.Please keep in mind that it is a guide, not a dogma. Do what feels right and what works for you.The Window of Opportunity is a post-workout shake that I used when I put on over 30 pounds of muscle within 3 months. My bench went from 215 pounds to 450, body fat from 7% to 3%, and mile time from 6 minutes to 5. It works.Here're the quick basics, although you definitely must read the article yourself.After the work out, you should consume .22 gram of protein per pound of bodyweight and 5 grams of carbohydrate (half dextrose, half maltodextrin) per 10 pounds of lean muscle mass for bulking, or 2.5 grams of carbohydrate (half dextrose, half maltodextrin) per 10 pounds of lean muscle mass for cutting.You should also consume 5-10 grams of creatine, 5-10 grams of glutamine, and a multi-anti-oxidant formula. All this must be done over a 45-60 minute period.The 45-60 minute sequence is vital:Step One:Blend 1/3 protein (experiment to find the exact number for you), 1/3 dextrose (simple sugar), and 1/3 maltodextrin (complex sugar) with enough water (water should be at least 92% of the total mixture). Add 500 mg of sodium per liter of water used.Shake the ingredients well. Put creatine powder in your mouth (5-10 grams when starting, 2.5-5 grams once body is saturated with creatine) and drink the shake to wash the creatine down. It is better to do this than to mix the creatine in water, as that makes creatine lose its potency.Drink one half of the shake within 5 minutes of working out. After this 5 minutes, allow an additional 10-15 minutes for the solution to settle in your stomach.Step 2:After the solution has dissolved in your stomach for 10-15 minutes, consume 5-10 grams of Glutamine and your multi-vitamin with one gulp of the shake.Continue to drink the remaining half of the shake for the following 30-45 minute period.It is vital to drink small sips of your shake for the entire 30-45 minute period. This allows for maximum absorption rate of the nutrients into your body.Step 3:Take fish oil with a meal, preferably at breakfast.Take ZMA on an empty stomach, 30 minutes before you go to sleep.  