review/text: The Adventure Medical Kit Pocket Survival Kit is a decent kit. To name a few, the signal mirror, spark lite, tinder, compass, snare wire, nylon cord, duct tape, and whistle alone are good items to have in an emergency situation. Basically, in an survival situation, you need to cover the basics: Signal, Navigation, Shelter, Fire, First-Aid, Water, and Food. Close to that order. If you compare that theory to this kit, it lacks a few items.Signal, Navigation, Fire, and Food (procurement at least) are covered.However, first off, there is no type of shelter in this kit whatsoever. A cheap thermal blanket would have been nice instead of the aluminum foil and the writing paper. Even a trash bag. Secondly, there is no first-aid in this kit either. If they would've thrown in 2 band-aids and/or some gauze, it would've been at least a start. Lastly, there is no water purification tablets or water procurement (such as a collapsible 1 quart bottle/bag) provided. You could use the foil to make a make-shift cup/bowl but that's not very sturdy after multiple uses. I know it sounds like I'm complaining, but this kit definitely could have more potential if the basics were covered.The items that do come with the kit that I've personally tried work well:The "signal mirror" is very useful. I tried it outside and almost blinded someone.The "whistle" is EXTREMELY loud. Almost deafening.The "compass" points north. That's all you can ask for.The "spark lite" and "tinder" provided work well. A few sparks lit the tinder right up.Yes, I know this is meant to be a pocket sized kit. It works okay for that purpose. But the kit would be better off rearranged like this: some band-aids, a flint fire starter, nylon cord, thermal blanket, whistle, signal mirror, compass, and something to hold water (and/or water purification tablets). All of those items I just mentioned can be had for about the price of this kit. From there, you can start assembling your bug out bag with food bars, drinkable water, a real first-aid kit, a real fishing kit, flashlight, knife, etc etc.I give this 3 stars. Good for what it is but missing a few items for the price. If Doug Ritter is reading, lose the surgical blade, aluminum foil, even the fishing "kit" or pouch if necessary. And add some first-aid items, a water bag/collapsible bottle, water purification tablets, and a thermal blanket. I would pay $5-10 more for a kit like that. Thank you.  