review/text: I was really excited to review this product for Amazon. I am a true believer in homeopathic remedies, and have gone to bat defending natural healing theories.That said, I know that I struggle with colds in the Fall/Spring seasons. I knew that it wouldn't be long before I'd be getting another one, and I wanted to give this a shot. For all intents and purposes, the ingredients are "up there" with natural cold remedies. The bottle, being dark in color (not letting light in) is great. The pill size is perfect. Taking 10 a day is tough, but can be done.So, a few days ago, lo and behold, another cold. I broke out the Gaia Herbs Quick Defense! The first day it really cleaned me out (GI speaking). I ate perfectly (no dairy, no sugar, etc, which is important while you are battling a cold), but my headache got worse and worse. By the first night, I was SO sick--as though I took nothing. I had to resort to Vicks to breathe (a rarity for me). The second day, no improvement. I stuck with it, but have to say that I ended up grabbing my Advil cold and sinus remedy before I found any relief.I'm not saying that this stuff doesn't work--but for me, with this particular cold, it did nothing (except upset my stomach on that first day).ADDED: I was going to rewrite the entire review, but opted not to, so you could see my frustration in thinking that nothing was happening...and know that this too could happen to you.The day after this cycle (after taking it perfectly for 2 days), I suddenly started to feel better. Not perfect, but MUCH better. I was able to go out and run some errands. I slept without Vicks. I don't know if this is the cycle of the cold (usually I hold onto them for a LONG time), or if it's connected to something else, but I have to say that while I am definitely still sick, I am a whole heck of a lot better. So, I increased my star value to 3--and if this continues to improve, I will increase it again...ADDED a week later: I'm sick again...this product seemed to give me the brief period of relief as above, but the symptoms returned within a few days. :(  