review/text: I bought this product from GNC for $17.00 and it worked for me during my Aunt's funeral.Nelson Bach USA - Rescue Remedy Spray, 20 Milliliter sprayI bought Rescue Spray about two months ago for my panic attacks, but I never used it until about 2 weeks ago. I had to make a choice, try the spray, see if it worked, or go the my doctor and get a prescription for panic attacks so I could attend my Aunt's funeral.My panic attacks are so bad that I started having an attack as soon as I heard about my Aunt passing away, everyday for hours at a time I was having those attacks. I was trying to control my thoughts, but my blood pressure increased along with my heart rate. I am afraid to take new medications, the thought of taking new meds. causes me to have panic attacks. So, I decided to try the Rescue Spray on the day on the funeral, knowing that if the Rescue Spray didn't work that I wouldn't be able to attend the funeral, as it was far too late to see a doctor on the day of the funeral.My attacks are so bad that I was even afraid to try the Rescue Spray at first, so I sprayed it once into the air and inhaled the mist, just to see if I would have an allergic reaction. After about 15min. and no allergic reaction(I felt no different at this point). At this point, I decided to use, one spray on my tongue, again, I felt no different after about an hour. Now , I was running out of time because it was now about 9:00a.m. and the funeral was at 10:00a.m. I decided at this time that I had nothing to lose by trying the spray again, so I used(sprayed) 2 full sprays on my tongue, after about 30 min., I felt about 50% less stressed but still in panic mode, only now it was time to head to the church, before I arrived at the church, I used another 2 full sprays on my tongue and about 10min. later, it was if I never had a panic attack. I could not believe it. It worked so well that I was able to stand and take a lasting look at my Aunt without my blood pressure increasing, without my heart rate increasing, that's right, no panic attack at all that day after those last two sprays. Yes, it took a total of 5 sprays, but it worked. I returned home about 4:30 p.m. but I did not need to use the spray any more that day. It worked from 10:00a.m. til 4:30p.m. at a very stressful time. I did not have any more panic attacks that day!  