review/text: LATHER Almond Shave Cr&egrave;me, 4-Ounce JarThis is a great shave cream, as my husband has a sensitive skin and he swears that this is the only shave cream which doesn't irritate his skin since it makes the shaving experience so smooth. He loves it !! This is the only shave cream he uses now and has to buy it online now as we moved far from Pasadena store. I think lather products are generally very good as I like their natural formula, therefore the fragrance is very nice and natural, too. But I also think it's overall overpriced so I don't buy their products often. However this shave cream is the one of exceptions since it is so good, and so worth it. Anyhow my husband won't use anything-else after experiencing using this one anyways.For me, I usually can get away with a bit cheaper product with more foam so I don't use it regularly, but when I tried it once on my legs, wow. It was so smooth and was a luxurious experience. No foam was not a problem at all. It spreads really well and the blades slide like a dream. We just bought a jar since his last one is run out, but this time I may use it more, or buy one for me.I usually not am into the "almond" smell so much but it's very subtle so it doesn't bother me. Which means that this doesn't have such a "girly" aroma so my husband doesn't mind either. I think this makes a really great gift for men and I'm sure that they will appreciate your good taste in such product ! And yes, like the other customer mentioned, it seem to last long. My husband shaves 3 times a week or so, and seem to last about a year or two (I don't even remember the last time we were at the Pasadena store).We also bought one pre-shave oil which has such a great citric aroma, which worked really well and made the experience even more luxurious. But again this shave cream does work wonders by itself, and the oil is very expensive so now we just buy the cream. But for some who has extra budget wanting to experience ultimate shaving experience, I would recommend the oil also.Update: after writing this review made me wanted to try this cream again... I went to the bathroom and found, looked to be a completely empty jar. I scraped just a bit of it left on the lid, and very surprised to find that much(really the smear on my fingertip) was enough to shave my entire leg, and thigh(about 1/4 of it at least) ! Ok. So this will go long way. I can assure that, and plus it also reminded me how moisturizing this is, in the very nice way. I can use this shave at the end of shower, then no need to apply for the moisturizer !  