review/text: I have a very stressful job, and I am raising my nephew as a single parent. Most nights my mind is going 100 miles an hour so I barely sleep. I can function amazingly well considering I get no sleep. I do fine all day at work, but I'm tired by the time I get home and have no energy. Lately, I've been so stressed that my body has manifested stress into hives, or even near panic attacks where its hard for me to take a breath, and I have to try very hard to no let that turn into a panic attack. I've been very wound tight lately.I don't like to take medicine, so I decided to try this. I was a little skeptical, but a nurse who works for my company as an advisor recommended it as a stress reliever.It worked for me right away. Now, I've see a lot of people posting negative reviews on here about it not working like a Xanax, etc. I've never taken those type of meds, but certainly those are intended to be much stronger, and are chemically produced, not natural.This product is mild but I did notice a difference. I didn't feel drowsy. I still feel fully alert, but just less affected. My mind doesn't race as much, and I am just calmer. I still have worries, but I can function better and deal with them.I learned from reading the reviews you can use it on your skin, which I tried and find that works as well. It also apparently can be used for animals which is great. I have not tried it on my dogs yet, but I plan to. I have a beagle who can get really stressed out at the vet's office, etc.It's nice to feel a little bit of peace, and be able to just calm down and put things in perspective. It's nice to be able to relax a little. I'm so glad it's not something that "numbs" you as I don't like feeling disoriented. This still allows you to function at 100%.I will say I tried the 4 drops in a bottle of water and I still noticed a difference but not as much. I would go with 4 drops in a glass of water like it truly recommends as thats slightly less water.The only downside is that I don't think the effects last all day, but maybe over time. I'm hoping over time I won't need it, that maybe I can learn not to stress out.But, the product is great, and any help is good for me at this point to allow me to calm down.I will absolutely continue to buy this product.  