review/text: I bought this model to replace my old Panasonic triple blade shaver. Well, given the price I paid (compared to $20 I paid for the panasonic model), I am a bit disappointed by Braun. I will start with all the good aspects of this shaver, then the reasons why I am disappointed.The shaver seems to have excellent build quality and everything from packaging to touching is very good (as you would expect from high-end shaver). More importantly, the shaving quality is superb. It shaves closer than the panasonic model, and probably is the closest an electronic shaver can get (shaving result is almost equivalent to razor). And the shaver is very powerful so don't worry if you have long and hard hair. It runs over them and eliminates them without problem. Using my old Panasonic, it may take several round to clean such thing.But there are many things Braun should do better to improve its usability. Here are some of what I discovered:1. It uses special cleaning fluid which has to be replace every several weeks depending on how often you clean it. This is a constant money drain and maintainence nightmare. Let alone roughly $60 you need to spend on cleaning fluid, what if Braun stops producing the fluid? You are out of option and may have to rely on stupid manual cleaning. This is no good at all and I am surprised to find this happens. The Panasonic model can use water to rinse it (actually you can use it during bath) and I consider it a superb design over Braun.2. It is relative hard to take the whole package with you during travel. I mean if you have to take the cleaning stuff. You probably have to seal the fluid catridge (worrying about leakage), and the whole station is big enough to take some luggage space.3. A minor annoying detail: when the shaver is put in the cleaning station, you have to take off the protection cap and put it somewhere. If you are not careful enough, you may end up losing it somewhere. This is careless design.4. Noise from the shave is very loud, much louder than Panasonic model. Now I have to close bathroom's door to avoid waking up others in the home. Great power does not need come with bigger noise!Braun, please pay more attention on the usability and maintainence. A high quality shaver is not only about shaving quality, lots of other minor details count. I'd refrain from recommending such shaver to others because of these drawbacks.  