review/text: Vinpocetine is another drug I highly recommend to people. It works like no other focus supplement I have ever tried. Usually, in order to increase focus, people use b-vitamins, caffeine, sugar, amphetamines, etc. All of those are stimulants and have strong effects on the entire body. Stimulants cause the brain to speed up, which gives the illusion of focus, but can still be difficult to work with, especially if you have ADHD. Vinpocetine is very different. It's not a stimulant, so it doesn't give you that hyper energy or speedy mind. Instead, it does something much better. It increases the overall blood flow in your body, notably in your brain as well. This causes your brain to produce more ATP (What cells, including brain cells, use for energy) and work better. How a person feels on Vinpocetine is difficult to describe, but my favorite analogy is that your mind will feel "laser sharp." Somehow (probably from the inhibitory effects on sodium channels) the thoughts your have are much more clear. Far less random thoughts and off topic thoughts from whatever you're trying to focus on. If you're doing something brain-intensive, you'll feel yourself somehow getting the right answer from the start as if your subconscious is in overdrive mode doing the hard work for you.I used the video game Team Fortress 2 as my benchmark for Vinpocetine's effects. Without any, at the time I wouldn't play very well. My overall situational awareness and keeping track of the enemy team were lacking. On 30mg of Vinpocetine, I somehow turned into a pro. From the bottom of the scoreboards straight to the top. My aim was dead on, my situational awareness became absolutely perfect, and I started carrying entire teams by myself. I eventually ran out of Vinpocetine, but the skills I had practiced while on it were there to stay. They didn't disappear when I stopped taking Vinpocetine, which makes me believe it's a wonderful learning tool. Take some Vinpocetine while learning and your brain will do a good job committing it to memory.  