review/text: I've used the regular Whitestrips before this and got great results (my sister, a dental hygienist, saw me and exclaimed "wow, your teeth are white!"), so I was eager to try the Premium Whitestrips.Contrary to what some reviewers are stating here, the difference between the different Whitestrips are not how white they make your teeth, but how long the whiteness will last. Crest Premium Whitestrips supposedly make your teeth whiter for 12 months, whereas the Ultra ones keep your teeth whiter for 18 months. The original Whitestrips supposedly last 6 months. You can do the math and see what's worth it to you financially (and if you really think it will last as long as claimed).True to the package cover, I started seeing measurable results at around 3 days. Actually, I noticed whiter teeth after even the first day, but by day three, I was feeling a few shades shy of Regis Philbin's pearly (okay, stark) whites.The Premium kit will give you 7 days' worth of strips. You wear both upper and lower for 30 minutes twice a day. I would suggest you do it exactly as prescribed rather than following the other reviewer's claim that it's okay to wear them back to back for an hour. Things are prescribed a certain way for a reason. In this case, it may be due to the time necessary for your teeth to "recover" from the treatments. What I mean is, unlike the basic strips, I'm noticing lots more sensitivity with the Premium ones. I'm following the directions and wearing for 30 minutes twice a day. Chocolate, anything sweet or acidic all set my teeth on edge. Something about having that gap in treatments during the day seems to give the teeth time to calm down and be ready for the next session.Others have mentioned that it's hard to keep the lower strip in place. This can be true. I've found a couple of things that help immensely. Before applying the strips, dry your mouth and teeth with a clean towel. Then apply the strips, trying to limit them to your teeth rather than gums as much as possible.Finally, though some have said it's possible to talk with them, just don't. Your life surely has 30-minute increments of time that you're simply not needing to talk. I would also suggest not doing anything incredibly vigorous (such as cleaning the house) during that half-hour. For some reason, I've found that makes it more difficult to keep the strips in place. Perhaps we salivate more when we're working up a sweat. So reading, watching the news, driving to work, vegetating-these are all good activities.When time's up, pull the strips off and toss them. Don't brush your teeth! Things are sensitive, so give your mouth and gums a rest. Instead, rinse with slightly warm water, and take your index finger and "brush" your teeth with it to remove any extra gel. Spit (don't swallow that stuff) and smile.I have only two days left of this round of Chrst Whitestrips, and I'm already incredibly pleased with the results. Your teeth are some of the first things that people notice about you, and they also are something easy you can do to make yourself look more youthful. You've got nothing to lose but some gray-yellow staining and a little bit of cash. And to help with the cash, be sure to check Crest's web site where they sometimes offer coupons for the Whitestrips.  