review/text: I've used this twice so far on myself and love it. Good deal from Amazon who had the best deal on the kit. It's nice and solid & professional feeling even though it's not part of the Wahl professional line. Other than the guards it comes with a host of other items, some of which I may never use, but it's certainly not short on accessories. The blade cuts nicely and even if it only lasts 6 months I will have made out. As other overcritical reviewers have pointed out, yes you may have to go over an area more than once or at different angles especially with the longer guards, but I just accept this as normal behavior figuring hair is funny that way. Haven't tried playing with the DVD yet so cannot comment on that but it's fairly self explanatory IMO.For me even know i kind of spike up my hair & gel it back, I prefer a normal mans hair cut length with shorter sides. No militant hair cut here... The kit's longest guard is 1" and is not long enough for my top & bangs. So for like $7 shipped (which seemed to be the best deal around) i purchased separately the #10 (1 1/4") & #12 (1 1/2") guards directly from Wahl. It was also cheaper shipping wise to do it by phone rather than their website. Amazingly enough " more makes a big difference going from the #8 and I have a normal mans haircut on top & front, but shorter on the sides & back #2 thru #4. In the end it works out perfectly and I couldn't be happier!! Nice case to tuck it all away in too.The great part is after using it twice I've already more than broke even from what my hair stylist used to charge me, plus I don't have to go anywhere or make appointments, ect... Takes me about 15 minutes to cut my hair with it and I'm happy as a clam. I think it has like a 3 or 5 year warranty as well and Wahl is a great company who stands behind their products. Definitely a recommended buyUpdate ----I've had this 3 years now and I've never had a problem with it ever. Totally a great product and if / when it dies I'll gladly buy another. Great set of clippers!  