review/text: GeneralI've tried a couple of whey protein brands in the past and this one is by far the best. It's the best price for quality in the market and ON really put in some effort to develop a quality product.Cutting or bulking. Works excellent both ways.I started using this product in a cutting cycle Feb '11, after being off from working out seriously for about 1-2 years. This helped me drop from a 19% body-fat to a 6.5% (current) without losing any considerable muscle mass (my arms stayed at around 16' through the whole process). After I dropped to a low BFP I started a bulking cycle a couple of weeks ago to try and reach 17ish size in my arms, and then drop body-fat until I'm happy.I'm telling you, either if it's bulking or cutting if you combine this product with a solid diet you're going to have awesome results.Serving Size24gr of protein per serving is pretty good considering that the scoop is relatively small, which means that this product is highly concentrated (being a whey protein isolate).FlavorsSo far I've tried (in both water and skim milk): double rich chocolate, french vanilla, vanilla ice cream, strawberry and cookies and cream. The big winner for me has to be cookies and cream, not to sweet not to stale, just perfect, takes like real ice-cream without that sugary feel. Second place are the vanillas which taste pretty much the same, with a very imperceptible flavor, you might want to try this one if you're planning to make shakes adding other stuff in (such as bananas, peanut butter, etc). Third place comes the chocolate, which tastes like dark chocolate (kind of a sour flavor) which some people love, but I'm not a big fan of. In last comes strawberry, this one tastes like pure sugar for me. It tasted a little better when mixing with milk, but I couldn't believe the label when it said it contained the same amount of sugar as the other flavors because it's just TOO sweet.ConclusionI try to maintain protein intake at 1gr per lbs when cutting and 1.5-2gr per lbs when bulking, this is the perfect supplement to achieve those high protein levels. For me, this product constitutes approximately of 40-50% of my daily protein intake and I wouldn't change it for anything in the world.RecommendationIf you have a bigger budget you might want to consider ON's HydroBuilder for after training, and taking 100% Gold Standard Whey throughout the day.  