review/text: I just purchased this toothbrush after using a Sonicare Elite for about the past 5 years.This is an excellent toothbrush and well worth the money. The $64,000 question for me was does it clean my teeth as well or better than the Sonicare and to that I say a resounding YES.Don't get me wrong, the Sonicare Elite is an excellent toothbrush and there are many things I loved about it from the balanced handle and thumb rest to the nicely tapered head and thin shaft that make it easy to maneuver around to get to all your teeth, particularly the back teeth.However, I now realize that in comparison, it was not cleaning my teeth as well as the Oral-B. That comes down to the different methods each brush uses to clean the teeth. The Sonicare uses as simple up-and-down action along with the sonic action to clean the surface of the teeth and force the toothpaste into the spaces between the teeth. The Oral-B uses a dual-motion head that consist of a rotating inner brush and an oscillating outer brush. The inner brush cleans the surface, while the outer flossing brush gets in between the teeth to give a more thorough cleaning.There are some quirks with the Oral-B that I am getting used to that could be improved or modified. For example, both the Sonicare and Oral-B have a 30 second timer over 2 minutes to remind you to switch quadrants that you are brushing. The Sonicare approach is to momentarily pause the brushing when 30 secs. are reached. The Oral-B uses a mechanical stuttering at the 30 sec. mark. The Sonicare will automatically shut off after 2 minutes of brushing are reached. The Oral-B will engage a longer stutter, but will continue to brush and reset the timer to another 2 minutes and will display a smiley face on the handle's LCD display that 2 minutes are reached. Unfortunately, the LCD info panel placement on the handle makes it virtually impossible to see during brushing.Another quirk is the "pressure sensitivity" feature of the Oral-B. If the brush detects you are pressing too hard on the teeth, it briefly stutters. However, the difference between this stutter and the 30 sec. timer stutter is very subtle making it difficult to know if the stutter was the timer or the pressure sensitivity being engaged. A far better method would be to either beep or pause momentarily until normal pressure is resumed rather than the stuttering, that can be easily confused as the timer.Also, the Oral-B has 3 cleaning modes - normal, sensitive teeth and polishing. For first time users or coming from a manual toothbrush, I would recommend starting on the sensitive mode. The scrubbing action of the normal mode is very intense and may provoke some gum bleeding so it's probably wise to use the sensitive mode to start and then after a week or 2 begin using the normal mode.Lastly, the Oral-B is a heavier toothbrush than the Sonicare. I does feel very solid in your hand, but it is several ounces heavier than a Sonicare. Most of the weight is in the handle, making the the Oral-B feel a little less balanced than the Sonicare, which has a very nice balance and fits a bit more comfortably in your hand.All said, the Oral-B Triumph is an excellent toothbrush that does an outstanding job of cleaning your teeth, especially the very difficult intra-tooth areas that other brushes just can't reach.  