review/text: I'm young and in good health (possibly from all the wild Alaskan salmon I already eat!) so it is difficult for me to see a personal gain to taking this supplement. However, I am convinced of this particular brand's benefit after seeing how it helped my mom. I've read articles questioning the benefit of fish oil supplements and I was tending to agree with them until I saw the results given by this superior supplement.My mom is in her late 50s and is developing arthritis in her hands. Her knuckles are bony and her fingers lock up in her sleep so when she wakes up, they are frozen in odd positions that she cannot move them from right away. It has been like this for years with no sign of improvement. She has daily vitamins she takes and was also taking a daily fish oil supplement.Then one day her sister suggested she try Natural Factors Wild Alaskan Salmon Oil capsules instead as she swore it helped her legs within a week. Mom took one softgel with dinner and the very next day she woke up and her hands weren't frozen into weird positions in the morning. Mom continued to take them. I visited mom several days later and I swear it was like her hands (and feet!) had gotten 20 years younger! The joints were no longer swollen at all and they didn't catch and lock in odd positions or ache.It makes a lot of sense to me that there WOULD be a difference with this supplement as it comes from wild, Alaskan salmon which is known to have a higher omega count, healthy fatty acids, and far less mercury than other fish, especially farmed bottom-feeders that your standard fish oil pills are made out of. It stands to reason that a healthier fish will result in a healthier supplement and provide healthier benefits to the consumer.I'm no doctor and I'm sure that many people out there have joint problems that won't be fixed by a mere addition of a nutritional supplement. It is possible my mom was never arthritic and was merely omega-deficient. Either way, her recovery shows myself and my family that as far as fish oil brands go, THIS one actually works for us.  