review/text: I am so grateful for this product! We are an older couple (I'm in my late 30s and husband's in his early 50s) with several serious medical issues. I'm a type 2 diabetic with insulin resistance and only one functioning ovary (the other was surgically removed because it was severely polycystic), as well as hypothyroidism. My husband was diagnosed with a borderline/low sperm count, low morphology and zero (the lab's exact word) morphology, which means that his sperm was both slow and *completely* abnormal. We were told that the only way we might be able to conceive was via either "donor sperm or IVF + ICSI". My husband had been unemployed for a year and just hired at his new job, so we didn't have $20,000 lying around for such invasive fertility treatments. We were devastated and pretty much gave up on the idea of having any biological children.We decided to try Fertility Blend for men because we figured it couldn't hurt. I didn't take FB for women because I'm on several medications for diabetes and hypothyroidism, and was unsure of whether they might be affected by herbal supplements. But my husband wasn't on any medications so he took FB, after his doctor looked it over and told him it would be okay to do so. He also switched from briefs to boxers, moved his laptop to a tabletop, etc. We even went for a consultation with an acupuncturist, who also told us that the only way she could see us conceiving was via IVF. We decided not to continue with acupuncture.Well, shortly afterwards we we were absolutely shocked when we conceived naturally, with no medical interventions or ovulation prediction methods (OPKs, charting, etc., even though my cycles are not that regular) whatsoever. The *only* thing we used was FB for men, so I'm convinced that it had a definite positive impact on his fertility. I gave birth to our little boy two months ago, and he is healthy and happy!I don't know if FB is good enough to work in other cases like ours, but the way I figured, what could it hurt? I only know that we'll be forever grateful for whoever invented this product!  