review/text: I am very thrilled with the Optima Epilator, ans compared to the prices of other shavers I looked at ....This was a great buy for the money. I will start off by saying that I have very corse dark hair on my legs, until now I have had to shAVE daily in ORDER TO HAVE SMOOTH LEGS! I had been shaving in the shower with shaving gel & a Venus Razor. I ordered the Emjoi Optima, and decided I would quit shaving my legs, so that when the Emjoi arrived I would have leg stubble. The emjoi came on day three and my legs felt like prickly pears! I will say that the first time I used the Emjoi, IT HURT! Regardless of what the manufacture says, it hurt. On a scale of 1 to 10 it was a high 8.I pulled my skin taunt and used the shave in circular motions and it took me about 2 hours, beacuse I would take a few minutes in between strokes to take a deep breath! But that being said, when I was done my legs were smooth! I can go about 3 days with perfectly smooth legs, and about day 4 I begin to feel stub. I have found that if I use the emjoi every 3-4 days it is painless, and it only takes about 15 minutes. Once you get rid of the initial hair, it seems to get less and less painful. I use the emjoi optima then I use the goil foil shaver head to do a final pass over takes about 1 minute, and I am set for 3-4 days. I love this shaver and will NEVER go back to a wet razor! Please note per some of the other reviewers about red razor bumps and ingrown hairs?? I have had neither, BUT I do use a loofa daily in the shower, and pay special attention to my legs and arms when I know I am going to use the emjoi, I shower dry of then shave. I will say I tried this on my bikini line, I personnally could not get pased the pain, so I purchased a intimate shaver called the e-razor, very great product. I recommended this shaver to my friend, and she purchased the cordless version, not as good as it does not seem to have the power of the corded version. So I recommend the Corded Emjoi Optima.  