review/text: THIS PRODUCT IS NOT FOR THE HEALTH CONSCIOUS.Yes, it has 20% your daily this, and 45% your daily that. There's no disputing that.But consider the following:1. First two ingredients: water, corn syrup SOLIDS (Read: CONCENTRATE). What do you get when you mix the two? Yeah, just good old fashioned corn syrup. Then some Whey Protein Isolate, and everything else is "0.5% or less of the following." 90% of this product is just corn syrup. But of course, it sounds better than just having the first ingredient as "corn syrup." So that's just intentionally misleading. "let's dehydrate the corn syrup and then add the water back so we can pretend like they're separate ingredients." Bad form.2. For a product marketed mainly at women (particularly, small, frail, and elderly women) it strikes me as funny that it contains EIGHTEEN GRAMS OF SUGAR. Y'know, considering the reccomended daily for women is 20 grams (not including natural sugars, like ACTUAL fruit.) By comparison, that's about the same as one "Cocaine Energy Drink" or half a can of Mountain Dew (Also, a can of Mt. Dew is almost twice the ounces of an Ensure. So, the sugar content is only slightly less ALLTOGETHER!) Well played.3. Considering the above, sugar gives you a "sugar high." Obviously, people aren't aware they're buying straight corn syrup when they buy Ensure brand drinks. The idea seems to be that they'll attribute the sudden rush of energy and elevated mood to the "vitamins and nutrients." Too clever by half.4. The taste. Have you tasted pure corn syrup ever? Of course, we don't expect nutrition drinks to taste good.5. If you're diabetic, this drink could kill you.6. If you're not, this drink could MAKE you diabetic. See bullet point #5.I'm really not a health nazi. In fact, far from it. But a NUTRITION SHAKE that's almost entirely CORN SYRUP (aka liquid sugar) is just dishonest on its face, and really bad marketing to boot.I'm just saying, read the ingredients. And if you absolutely must, then absolutely stick to the one-per-day.But really, you'd be just as well served by taking a daily multi-vitamin and chasing it with a sugary drink of your choosing that you'll actually enjoy. Or better yet, juice.Frankly, I'm sure the competing products are just as bad, if not worse. If I'm shilling for anything, it's reading the labels and making an informed decision.I hope someone finds this helpful. :)  