review/text: I used Symbiotropin for one 4-week cycle. I can't say that I noticed any changes in my body composition. My skin healing might have improved, but I'm unsure. Very noticeable, though, was improved sleep. For a few months, I had been unable to sleep over four hours straight---and had low sleep quality----what I could do twice a day but still miss proper restoration.The first night on Symbiotropin, I slept about six hours---with decent sleep quality. My sleep remained about like that until week four, when it suddenly went to 8 hours, a few nights in a row, not great sleep quality yet good sleep quality.(That fourth week I tried a strategy different from taking Symbiotropin right before bed. I took Symbiotropin, waited an hour or two, then ate---whole raw eggs, soured raw milk, unheated honey, sometimes banana, blended---and only then soon went to sleep.)After four weeks I ran out of Symbiotropin. Gradually, over the past two weeks without it, my sleep has deteriorated, and I'm sleeping about six hours straight, decent quality. I wanted more Symbiotropin (if not Meditropin), but it's too costly for me right now. So I bought some of MHP's Secretagogue-One. I'll see how that goes, and, after four weeks or so, maybe post of review of that product, too.[2011 Oct 1: I tried MHP Secretagogue-One over two years ago. I took it inconsistently, and so I'd rather not post a review to its page. Yet I think that I took it inconsistently because it seemed ineffective, even seemed an irritant. I thought perhaps the artificial coloring or artificial flavoring or both---I don't recall which---brought the vague irritation, yet I'm uncertain. I think there might have seemed some effect after first taking it or if I hadn't taken it in a while, yet if so, it rapidly gave way to a vague irritation and seeming ineffectiveness. Incidentally, about my sleep quality, I had had a negative ion generator in my room, and once I stopped using it, my sleeping returned to normal---usually at least eight hours straight---and has never been a problem since.]  