review/text: I'm 64. For the past several years I have used Huperzine-A and Alpha-GPC to enhance mental focus in support of meditation. More recently, I have used them to offset some memory problems that may be from aging or something worse. I found that I cannot tolerate donepezil (a first line of defense for Alzheimer's and dementia) even though my doctor is willing to prescribe it. As a consequence, I was in the market for a nootropic that could help with memory and focus without further spiking my acetylcholine levels.Vinpocetine has proved to be one VERY dramatic addition to my arsenal. Not only has it improved memory, focus, meditation, and my general sense of well being, but it has done so with virtually no detectable side-effects that I can see. I currently take 1-2 tablets about three times a day. Recommended dosing is usually about 10-30 mg/day (1-3 tablets). I may go as high as 60 mg/day (6 tablets), using 2 tablets prior to activities that may require a hgh degree of focus. Each dose seems to last about 4 hours, give or take an hour or so. Effects of a dose are felt almost immediately, particularly the first time you take vinpocetine.Formally speaking, vinpocetine is a vasodillator and anti-inflammatory. Researchers have not yet established the exact mechanism of action but find encouraging results for the treatment of Alheimer's and dementia patients. Here are a few more specific observations on my part, which you can take for whatever they're worth:1. Vinpocetine has improved both my short-term (5 minutes to 16 hours) and midterm (1-5 days) memory. I am remembering names, numbers, and the specifics of events that I know would have been fuzzier without it. It appears to be helping with long-term recall as well, but I'm not yet certain.2. It significantly improves learning ability with respect to reading and music by enhancing focus.3. It tends to give me a heightened sense of pleasure from activities like meditation and music. I suspect that this is partly from a synergistic combination with valerian root, which acts as a mild sedative.4. Vinpocetine is a neuroprotective supplement. I suffer from long-term hypertension and regard myself as being at high risk for ischemic events rangng from transient attacks (TIA's) to major strokes. This supplement significantly increases the flow of blood in the brain, mitigating the effects of high blood pressure. Its anti-inflammatory properties help to repair tissue damage. Vinpocetine is not going to turn the clock back 40 years on our brain health, but it will help to keep things functioning more smoothly.I highly recommend this for anyone over 50. Below that age, I tend to doubt that the effects will seem that significant. For seniors, however, this stuff is a blessing that I wish I had received years ago.UPDATE: after takng vinpocetane for several months, i have to report that the esuts are pretty amazing. I can remember things that Ihaven't been able to remember for yeas. Credit card numbers, for instance. The names of friends from 30 years ago. Memories are much more vivid and easy to access. This applies for both short and long-term memory. The combination with other supplements is particularly effective.  