review/text: I have had some issues with candidiasis as well as my adopted child. My ND was talking about various products - I know Kevin Trudeau is a big proponent of food grade H2O2 so instead of trying that (the drops in the distilled water protocol as described in books like The One Minute Cure seemed really hard to do when you are dealing with a special needs child and other issues every day) I thought I would let myself give this product a try. I have been doing coconut oil and taking a very good probiotic - Biokult - which is recommended by Dr. Campbell McBride who is behind the specific carb GAPS diet so my personal problems with all of these things have been better - however I did experience some cramping and what I think was a 'die off' herxheimer reaction to some degree the first two days I took this - then I began to feel far better and more energized. I do, however, work with someone who does allergy corrections with the energy vials - like NAET but beyond that - and she said after I'd used this product about two weeks or so that there was some issue that I had to 'treat' for and I had to do that while holding this bottle and doing the acupressure tapping. However the issue seemed to be resolved and I did take my first dose again after being off it some weeks and I do think it has helped my energy.One other benefit - I have fought constant cystic acne on my back since puberty - it's been better since I've been working on food allergies and the candida issues and taking some hormonal stuff to help with an imbalance but this was the only product that really made a difference on my skin. And it has helped my energy. I can't speak for anyone else.My friend who does that energy work says 'everyone is a snowflake' meaning everyone is such an individual you really do not know if you will handle this product that one person got great benefit from but another person may not tolerate well, so I just think bear that in mind. On the flip side, it's not much money to give a shot - I have blown far far more on vitamins and drugs et al which I promptly had to chuck out from having a bad side effect reaction. One dose of the cipro family antibiotic avelox nearly sent me to the hospital once - after having to shell out nearly $130 for a ten day supply. I have had chronic sinusitis which is why I was always taking antibiotics and why I think my gut is messed up now, amongst other reasons including food allergies, etc. The coconut oil, oil pulling with it, taking it orally, cooking with it and adding this to the mix has helped a lot. I have not had to take an antibiotic for a sinus infection in over 2 years and this was after taking them for 30 years sometimes multiple times during the year for recurring infections. So that is another plus.  