review/text: The IONIC TOOTHBRUSH at first glance appears to be either a great idea or a laughable dose of snake oil for the techno-gulible. Is there any real science behind its claims? Read on.Ionically- charged particles can be attracted to a surface of another surface by using an electronic charge. You make a good "contact" with the brush by holding its metal activation bar on the grip. You need to wet your hands to make for better conductivity (don't try this with your hairdryer, please!). By completing the circuit, the toothbrush itself becomes a gunk magnet. It does not so much "brush your teeth" (you still need to brush up and down, etc) but the gunk comes off easier because of the electric change. Another was of looking at this is that the gunk, once lifted from your teeth, will now stick to the brush and not to other teeth.A few more notes- Don't think you use this brush as a mini dust magnet. The gunk has to be in your mouth and the circuit is completed only by holding the brush and applying the bristles to your teeth. To answer the unspoken question of the day, NO, this "current" can not hurt you, nor can it be used as a substitute for electro shock therapy. ;)So, does it actually work? Here's my experience- due to extensive dental surgery, I need to brush very lightly with a soft bristle brush. The IONIC TOOTHBRUSH features an ultra-fine bristle that is very soft and comfortable on sensitive gums. I would recommend this brush on that feature alone-- but here's where the bell and whistle comes in. As per the products claim, my teeth really did feel cleaner to the tongue. I also noticed a distinct cleaning action on gum surfaces that results in a cleaner tasting mouth. I have never used the brush with toothpaste, so I attribute the cleaning action to the ionic effect. I am not a testing lab-- therefore I am giving this item a 4 STAR rating because its claim for the brush's enhanced action cannot actually be proven objectively.So, if you need to avoid traditional scrubbing for sensitive gums recovering from periodontal disease or other inflamation, THE IONIC TOOTHBRUSH may very well be the answer. It is very gentle, as opposed to any other type of electric brush) and seems to offer enhanced cleaning action. It is in my opinion not a viable substitute for good old-fashioned brushing and flossing, but it has its place in overall dental care. There is even a nifty amber LED that lights to indicate that you fully charged and loaded.For a mere $20, I recommend the IONIC TOOTHBRUSH as an inexpensive electronic toy that may or may not work as claimed. However, when you consider the thousands of dollars you'll spend on dentistry in a lifetime, THE IONIC TOOTHBRUSH seems to be a dirt cheap added bit of health insurance.  