review/text: I never really write reviews, but after using this product I felt a strong need to do so. I had been researching hoodia for a little while, and decided that I would try this product since it was inexpensive and had free shipping. I have lost weight using this, combined with exercise and a large cutback in caloric intake, but have some issues with this product. Since I have researched more, I have found that hoodia is very expensive, so it seems unlikely that this company would strengthen the concentration of hoodia 20:1 and sell it for ten dollars a box. Most other reputable hoodia brands cost around $50 for a nondiluted 100% hoodia stock, so I have doubts about whether this product contains any hoodia at all. However, this does contain A LOT of caffeine. I typically only drink 1 cup of tea during the day, and found that taking these pills do make me jittery and keep me up at night. Even sleeping pills have not helped me to fall asleep. The box also suggests that if you would like to increase the amount of weight lost, you can take double the amount instructed. I have also tried this, and found that I act as though I am totally high. I am off the wall, feel disconnected, and cannot come down for many hours. This combination of single and double doses (I have stopped taking the double) have caused me to lose sleep almost the entire time that I have been taking it. The box instructs you not to take these pills in the evening if you cannot sleep after taking caffeine, but I can drink coffee right before bed and not have an issue. These pills are a different story. The lastest that I have been taking these pills is 1pm and still not been able to sleep at 10. I know that this is long, but I wanted other people who may be interested in trying this, to know about my experiences before they spend their money. Since ordering this pack of three, I have done a lot more investigating and have actually purchased a different brand of 100% south african hoodia that comes with all of the required paperwork for the legit pills. By the way, this product does not include the required c.i.t.e.s. and other documentation stating that it actually comes from south africa, or that it has been tested by an independent lab confirming its contents.In conclusion, I have lost weight with this product, but I think that it may be due to the amount of stimulants, and not the hoodia that I don't believe is included.  