review/text: UPDATE: APRIL 2010: I uploaded some photos of my sweeper. Bissell neglects to show us how the underside of the sweeper looks.I have had the sweeper for about 4-5 months. I use the sweeper for picking up bedding (Carefresh) for my guinea pig and his little poos under the futon. I also use it for little scraps that fall on the floor. It does it job and cleans on the surface but obviously will not replace a vacuum as it does not have suction.QUALITY - 4 STARS: Sturdy except for the handle, the handle is put together by three pieces that you twist together. The brushes are made of thick nylon so they don't rip out easily.EASE - 4 STARS: Great, since there's no electricity involved, there's no cords to deal with. It's better used for carpet. I do use it on my tile kitchen floor but sounds like it's scraping it and possibly scratching the floor. It does work on bare floors.The twin dust pans are great because you can roll the sweeper in both directions and the dust will fall in either pan.CLEANING - 2 STARS: It picks up hair great but gets caught in the rolling brush. There's a detachable comb to use to pick out the hair but I just use my fingers, it's much faster because I can break the hairs loose but a bit gross. I don't mind getting dirty.EDGE-CLEANING - 0 STARS: You cannot clean the edges with this thing. You'll have to pull out the vacuum. Since the main brush is in the middle, there's a lot of slack that the brush is not picking up dust.DURABILITY - 4 STARS: This product will probably last for at least 5 years. Maybe by then, they will have another fantastic product for me. (UPDATE: It's April 2010, and the sweeper is still holding on strong).***PRECAUTION*** Don't be fooled for the five brush system, the four edge-cleaning brushes are worthless. The four edge-brushes do not help in cleaning corners. You should probably INVEST in the DUAL BRUSH system or a good vacuum cleaner with attachments (but not the Duster Buster, I reviewed the Dirt Devil Scorpion, very good).OVERALL, THE SWEEPER DOES ITS JOB but I would buy this specific product again because it's cheap. I would like to try the dual brush sweeper. I believe that the dual brush sweeper will cover more area than a single brush sweeper but this theory will need to be tested.  