review/text: I unfortunately discovered 7 plantar's warts on my feet in July. I searched online for the best solutions and overall this seemed like the best option from all of the other reviews of this product. They were each slightly smaller than the tip of an eraser and now they are all completely gone! I applied the product once a day by getting a small amount out with a nail file and applying a good dab to each wart and used a fabric bandage. You do need to be careful about applying it only to the wart itself, but I was never in any pain. Every once in awhile I would feel a remotely small sting, but it happened when I was on my feet a lot. I am going to describe the process here for me because I kept trying to find that in other reviews. A couple of weeks in, the skin around the wart became very white and it was dead skin and when I began to peel this off, a layer of the wart came with it. This was the moment I became a little worried since I was taking off quite a bit of dead skin and I could see the root of the wart lifting some when I pulled the skin off. I would scrub my feet in the shower with really warm water before bandaging and when I started to remove dry skin I was applying Neosporin to the areas around the wart. Again, no pain, just got me worried. After this, I was even more careful to make sure the wart stick was only applied to the wart itself. Also, the little black specks of the wart become more prominent and once I could no longer see these I knew the wart was dying completely. Every week I would peel off another layer of the wart and it doesn't really just fall off, so don't expect that. At least, that's not what it did for me. Maybe I lost patience, eventually I peeled off a layer and it appeared white underneath but I would not see the root of the wart anymore or any of the black specks. I then applied some more neosporin to the whole surface and woke up the next day to healthy skin! I'm still working on getting rid of some dead skin around the areas, but they are all healed up with no wart in sight! One of the warts was gone in about 4 weeks, but the others took six, so also know they did not all heal at the exact same time. The others were within days of each other. This treatment only required one stick.Good luck, this is an awesome product! Just have a little patience and if it hurts at all, leave it alone! Just give it a couple more days of applications and you should be able to peel away another layer. If I ever have this issue again, which I hope I never will, I will definitely be using this product!  