review/text: I first discovered the Ginger people Christmas of 2005. A friend picked up a bottle of Ginger Peanut Sauce from T.J. Max, as they knew I liked ginger. I cooked with it, making things like Asian snap peas, which my friends started requesting at pot luck get togethers. (They thought I spent hours making them) Sadly my bottle was running out. I looked on line to try to find more and ran across the Ginger People's website. I ordered a half a case of the Ginger Peanut sauce, and decided to try a couple of their other sauces. (All of which are excellent by the way)The website offered "ginger chews" which I'd bought before from Trader Joe's under Trader Joe's branding. So I ordered a couple of bags of those as I knew I liked them.By having my order reach a certain amount, the shipping was greatly reduced.Being short of the amount, I decided to try the Gin-Gins, even though I'm not a hard candy kind of guy.A few months later, I was glad I did, however, as one of my new medications gave me dry mouth during the afternoon and when I talked a lot. I was able to put a Gin-Gin in my mouth which kept me from having dry mouth or having to chew on a Ginger Chew during meetings.I recently had another new med introduced, which has a side effect of nausea, the ginger chew helps calm that down, but isn't always convenient, like at meetings, socializing, or other types of interactions with others. Gin-Gins to the rescue again.If you're prone to having an upset stomach, I can't think of too many , if any better way to settle that stomach down than a true ginger based product. Gin-Gins are the perfect all around, right in any setting answer.When taking one out of my pocket, friends, co-workers, or clients, have asked to have one. I've yet to get anything put positive responses for Gin-Gins taste. So for anyone who just likes hard candy, Gin-Gins sure seem a winner with everyone I've shared with.Try them, (and other fine selections from the Ginger People) you won't be disappointed.  