review/text: Okay so first things first, what the heck is "Ylang Ylang"?Here's a couple of excerpts from Wikipedia(free online encyclopedia)"Ylang-ylang ) (ee-lahng ee-lahng) Cananga odorata, is a small but beautiful flower of the Canaga tree. It is a fast-growing tree that exceeds 5 meters per year and attains an average height of 12 meters. It grows in full or partial sun, and prefers the acidic soils of its native rainforest habitat. The leaves are long, smooth and glossy and prefers the acidic soils of its native rainforest habitat. The flower is greenish yellow (rarely pink), curly like a starfish, and yields a highly fragrant essential oil. ......The fragrance of ylang-ylang is rich and deep with notes of rubber and custard, and bright with hints of jasmine and neroli."(Another one we may have to look yp)There is much more about the plant and it's uses there, just enter Ylang Ylang into google and go to the Wikipedia definition.Maybe someday technology will be so advanced that there will be some sort of scratch and sniff so we could smell the product being sold(wasn't there some sort of aroma cinema back in the 60's?), in the meantime these customer reviews will have to help you make up your mind. Of course, if you find it in a store you can sneak a sniff. Some people like it and some don't.I am one of those who like it very much. To me it is a slightly sweet, distinctive but gentle scent, that makes the bathroom smell fresh and clean, flowery, but I did not find it overpowering. In any case way better then any of those scented sprays that are meant to cover up odor, but usually wind up choking me, and it is a big improvement on the harsh shower sprays.How does it work?....It works wonderfully. I have a small bathroom with for what it's worth a fan, but no window. I have been using this product for more then a year, have never had one problem with mold, mildew, soap scum or any other hard to clean gunk anywhere including the bath mat, shower curtain and liner. I have never had to scrub at all and my tub stays really clean,cutting back on regular cleansing. Other people in my apartment building have not been so lucky.I also like that all the ingredients are biodegradable, naturally derived and never tested on animals.Ingredients:purified water, scale removers, soap scum dissolver(plant derived),naturally derived surfactant(corn),performance enhancer(natural minerals),fragrance oils, preservative(less than 0.1%).I'm guessing the fragrance oils is where the Ylang Ylang comes in, and I hope I've gotten them all right. The writing on the label was a little small for my eyes.The spray bottle can be used as a fine mist, or direct squirt, which will probably be helpful in dissolving old stuff already there. I spray the mist all over,including directly onto my curtain and liner, and don't have to run for cover knowing that the ingredients are safe, and don't make me gag. The product s clear and colorless.My advice would be to try just one bottle, before investing in this case if you are concerned you may not like the scent. Right now I did find it available here at Method Daily Shower Cleaner, Ylang Ylang Scent, 28 fl oz. But I have to say, this multi-pack is a really good deal.I enjoy many of the Method brand line of household cleaners as well as their line of personal products, I especially like the shower gelmethod Body Wash, Mango Mint, Case Pack, Six - 15 Ounce Bottles (90 Ounces), even though I have to use a little more to make a good lather. See my review for more details.Happy shopping....Laurieanother "green" product I have found works good(although a little expensive is:Ecover Natural Rinse Aid 16 fl. oz.  