review/text: This is a long overdue review... almost 4 years ago when my daughter was born, I had many stressful sleepless nights and developed an eczema all over my body. I tried so many things and nothing worked to relieve it. Someone suggested Haelan 951 fermented soy beverage, this person claimed to have been cured from cancer years ago. Then couple of months later through friends I met another person who said to know several cases of people whose conditions improved with this drink.That was enough to spring me into action, even that my case was totally different. What made me try it was evidence that many nations (Japanese traditional diet for example, or some regions in Korea, Kazakhstan) that have significant intake of fermented beverages enjoy great health and longevity. There are a lot of naturally happy people there too. It's interesting that health, longevity and happiness often go together. I've studied biochemistry in the past for many years, and among many other things I know that intestinal system is the place where most neurotransmitters are being produced. So are components of the immune system, and many other wonderful things take place in a healthy GI tract. You don't have to go further then any decent encyclopedia to learn more about it. Aside from all of its other functions, the GI tract is a lymphoid organ, and the lymphoid tissue within it is collectively referred to as the gut-associated lymphoid tissue or GALT. The number of lymphocytes in the GALT is roughly equivalent to those in the spleen. In other words, serious stuff happens there and fermented soy drink theoretically can provide benefits to the gut beyond normal intake of regular food.I really didn't care for the taste, but potential for healing was much more important to me. To my astonishment, eczema disappeared within a month. Completely. I had a smooth, perfect skin as if nothing ever happened. I thought it might have been coincidental, but about a year later I had another bout of stress, and again in the midst of it, it went away within about a week of using this soy drink. This all could have been coincidental, but it certainly didn't feel to me that way, as I have felt within couple of days the healing process starting and I just felt overall calmer and more focused. In essence, all the things that are traditionally happening when people consume good fermented food and have intestinal system working perfectly in tune. With additional benefit of eczema gone, which couldn't have been obtained just by normal fermented food, since I tried other things with no results. I really LOVE its effect. Even that it was years ago, I just had to come back and give my contribution; who knows maybe someone might benefit from the review.The only drawback I thought initially was the price, but I realize that I believe 22-24 lb of soy go into production of 1 bottle, so if you count of cost of that plus shipping... I wouldn't call it reasonable, but it starts making sense why such a price. But not having to do with an illness is priceless.And lastly I have to say, service from ALOSY Health Products is outstanding; they helped me patiently several times, going beyond call of duty. I bought a few times directly through their website and a few times from them through Amazon. I gotta credit where credit is due. They might be one of the most accommodating sellers on Amazon. God's blessings to everyone!  