review/text: Since I was in the mood to buy massage chairs, I purchased one that reclined and one for my desk. These are chairs I spend a lot of time in reading and writing reviews. So, comfort is essential for extended periods of sitting.While the reclining chair proved rather challenging during the assembly session (that seemed to go on for hours), this chair went together rather quickly. The only thing that kept happening is my little kitten thought the plastic caps were toys and I had to keep taking them away from her in order to finish the project.The instructions for putting this chair together are very well written, complete with detailed instructions and pictures.The vibration is strong enough that you can feel it through a pillow if you use one on your lower back while sitting.Things they could improve on:A slightly more comfortable lower back support.A way to stop the chair from going back - lock in the position - it reclines slightly and so you can sit with your legs up on the desk, although I'd make sure the base was in a sturdy position with the legs so that if you do lean back the chair doesn't topple.More padding in the seat - it seems to be spongy at first and then flatten over time.A remote that can be seen when you are sitting - preferably one that attaches with a cord so you can pull it out to see it at a higher level. You have to reach down next to you and sort of lean over to the right to see the controls.5 stars for relaxing vibration and armrests4 stars for beauty of construction material3 stars for comfort and quality2 stars for ease of use1 star for not being high enough on the highest settingSo, as with many of the less expensive vibrating chair items, the vibration is superior to the quality of the actual chair. If you sit for short periods of time to say, just check e-mail, then this chair is recommended because you can get a nice back/leg massage and then go on to other things. It is somewhat comforting in that regard.Otherwise, for anyone who sits for longer than say 2 hours, I'd say look for a much more padded seat and more options, like locking in the reclining features or having the seat raise to a higher level if you have a higher desk.~The Rebecca ReviewP.S. My husband leaned back and broke my chair! SIGH. Sodurability may be an issue.  