review/text: I bought this prouct last week and I have to say it is so gentle!! I have used a variety of things do keep my system clean from Smooth Move (Senna Teas) to Enemas, Ducalux, Correctol, a little bit of everything in my whole life. I have to say I find that this product is a gentle combination of all of the high points I got from each. I am so glad I didnt let the negative reviews scare me away.Now that I have addressed it's strong points, it behoves me to point out some possible error that can be made. Firstly, any colon cleanser is basically a laxative however there are several forms of laxatives because everyone had different needs. You have stool softeners, hyperosmotic, lubricants, stimulants (the worst!), and bulk (metamucil). I find that this laxative is more like a hyperosmotic because it pulls water into the colon so that it will emulsify with ...you know and then flush it out. Very similar to what enemas and hi colonics will do. The best part is when you take it right there shouldnt be many elements of discomfort.What worked for me with this product was first carefully reading the instructions and associating them with my own tolerances. In the end I did the following and it has worked great:1. I stop eating at least three hours before I take this product. First you wont fill hungry because as soon as you take it feels as if it is filling your stomach. If you are already full of food this will make you miserable.2. Make sure you drink 16 oz of water with it at least what an hour or 30 minutes and drink another. Seeing that this product is hyperosmotic-like your key tool in making it work is water. If you dont you will be dehydrated.3. Do the first two days on a weekend when you dont mind being at home so you can see how strong the effect will be. If your going to be out all day it's not a good idea to take ANY laxative.4. Adjust dosage accordingling. Seeing as I go back to work tomorrow and I dont want to be running for the toilet more than 3 or 4 times a day I am going to reduce to 2 until the clean is over.If you didnt do any of the above it might be where you went wrong.I also find that if you are particularly uhm...tight back there, drink a strong cup of coffee that morning. The caffeine in coffee is a vasoconstricter and it will for lack of better words give you a little more room to move.All the same great product!  