review/text: Finally came across this specific defibrillator here on Amazon that I was sitting in front of 2 years ago. And to my amazement the price is a steal with no script.Having a defibrillator around your house is like having a fire extinguisher, you don't want to have to use it but it's there and ready to go when that time comes. And having a quick to set up easy to use defibrillator is the most important thing you can do to improve the outcome for someone of SCA (Sudden Cardiac Arrest)The time I used it is a time I will never forget.In my eyes everyone in a school, large office, anywhere there are a large amount of people. Everyone should be trained on how to use an AED and do CPR. If you are untrained and the unforeseeable happens before you can get trained and you grab this defibrillator off the wall don't worry /too/ much about that training as this thing will run you through using it its self. The voice instructions are relatively loud and are crystal clear, I have not used competitor units but I have been in demo seminars with competitor units and this unit, of course everyone flocks around the Philips after cursing out the competing unit for a choppy or otherwise distorted voice guide. The last thing you need when your using a defibrillator is a defibrillator that aggrivates you, or causes undue stress. Obviously when you are using a defibrillator you are already plagued with stress, so you need something that will run you through the steps one by one clearly. You have something trying to run a voice guide that sounds like a Nintendo Entertainment System of the 1980s and you got a big problem. Even bigger problem is if it can't be heard in an average office / school space. Good thing is if this defibrillator can be heard clearly in a school classroom with about 50 other people gawking and screaming then you can probably hear this thing anywhere. Probably explains why I see the RED Philips AED cases in just about every place I go, local casino... check. My hospital... check. The school where I used it, a new one is in it's place so... check. Library... check Police station / town hall... check.Now for the nitty gritty of this defibrillator and why I WOULD give it 4.5 stars if I could.1. The battery no matter what even if you never have to use it, is only good for 4 years. So if your like me and you have a 4 year old fire extinguisher in the house and you never had a house fire and you are ticked off because you had to buy a new one then you might be ticked off when at the end of the 4 years no one in your household (or around your house) has had a SCA. I know some friends who have this defibrillator in their car to work around this by carrying it with them everywhere and being a volunteer first response vehicle, definitely a great idea. If you do decide to go that route check with your states statute laws on first responder legal protections, some states hold you fully liable as they would EMS if the person dies other states hold you harmless until EMS is on scene and you hand off the case. In most states you are held harmless as long as you 1. Use the device correctly and 2. Have training and a valid AED / CPR certificate on file that you can furnish if required to do so. 3. Followed all instructions of the person answering the 911 call2. The pads... This one is a killer, they are expensive and if you have a child with a heart condition then you can't use the ones included with the unit, you need to buy pediatric / child pads and keep them in the case with the defibrillator. They also need to be replaced every 2 years. Here my fire extinguisher analogy holds true again, your going to be cursing yourself.Bottom Line Question that I am asked quite frequently "Should I own a defibrillator?"Here is my objective answer.It depends...Weigh the following questions1. Do you or does someone else in your household have a heart condition?2. Have you or your loved one had Sudden Cardiac Arrest before?3. Are ambulance response times in your area slow? (you can find this out from your city hall by filing a Freedom Of Information Act request for last years Aggregate Ambulance Response Statistics Sheet, in some cities its called something else but if you ask for the ambulance response times they will give you a statistics report) ambulance response times should be in reality no greater than 2 minutes. Some people quote longer times but the gold standard for cardiac arrest is 2 minutes, every second counts against the patients survival probability and after 2 minutes the survival starts to build odds against the patient (my city response is about 30 seconds from the time they say we are sending an ambulance do not hang up the line, with our mean average being 46 seconds out of 14000 calls sampled)4. Do I or does my loved one want defibrillation if SCA occurs (Check for a DNR)If you ansered yes to all of the above questions then I urge you to think about it. Mind you don't jump and throw this in the cart and check out in one night. Read the review carefully, answer the questions, and think about it overnight, this is a big ticket item that if you buy it impulsively you don't want to be facing buyers remorse!I would even though it does not require an RX to be purchased also talk to your or your loved one's doctor so that they know you are considering buying a defibrillator and CAN write an RX for it, the RX is not required for the purchase but it IS required if you want to deduct the defibrillator from your taxes! The doctor will also tell you if having a defibrillator nearby will help.OK so if you are visiting this page the second time and you have thought about it overnight or talked to the doctor or are ready to buy heres some tips I reccommend.1. Go to a training seminar and get AED certified and CPR certified. this is a given2. Teach everyone in your household or the place of use how to use the defibrillator or send them for training. You can get training electrodes inexpensively and they are relatively reusable. (they do not deliver a shock even though the defibrillator says it will deliver one.3. Practice carrying the defibrillator case through your house in an emergent fashion to different rooms where a response is necessary, this way you know exactly what route to take to each room and how to avoid collisions with the walls, for example if your route contains right turns you are going to want to carry the defibrillator on your left side. sprint / run as necessary, you don't have the defibrillator in the case so this is the time to get used to running around the house with the case in hand, because the next time you do have to run with it, it's gonna have 200 Joules of electricity in it that you do not want to damage en route4. If you or the person who has a cardiac condition travel in a specific vehicle often consider taking the defibrillator with you in that vehicle whenever you leave the house and keeping it there when out of the house, there is nothing like having your own personal 'ambulance' to run out of the supermarket and grab your defibrillator if the supermarket does not have one and an ambulance is further away than your car! (Still call 911 of course!!!)5. Take the defibrillator with you whenever you go on vacation or travel, indicate that it is a medical device if you are traveling by air and have a physician note ready especially for international travel, you WILL need to declare it as a medical device.6. Inspect the defibrillator every 3-6 months, simply opening the case and checking the pad expiration date and making sure the ready light is lit takes a matter of 30 seconds, 30 seconds can mean life or death when you need that defibrillator to be in tip top shape.7. If there are multiple people in the household have a designated defibrillator operator, and a designated telephone person. one person will get the defibrillator, operate the defibrillator and administer CPR while the other obtains an ambulance. This is especially useful if you have young children in your house or people who cannot or should not use the defibrillatorPersonal opinion here. The defibrillator should be optimally operated only by adults or teens who qualify for an AED certificate. If your state will only give an AED certficate to someone over the age of 16 then make sure you make someone over the age of 16 the defibrillator operator and anyone younger who can use the telephone the caller.  