review/text: Aleve is the exact same medication as its generic counterpart, Naproxen Sodium. Aleve is a non-steroidal anti-inflamatory drug (NSAID). This means it is NOT a steroid, such as cortisone or hydrocortisone, and it relieves inflammation, which is a central component of pain of any kind, be it joint pain, headache, migraine, etc.This liquid formulation of Aleve is designed to dissolve and be absorbed more quickly than the tablet or caplet form. In general, and for most people, the liquid form is easier to digest with less potential for stomach upset.As a class of drugs, NSAIDs are the most frequently prescribed analgesics for management of arthritic and musculoskeletal pain of mild to moderate intensity. All NSAIDs possess analgesic (pain relieving), antipyretic (anti-fever), and anti-inflammatory effects (reduces inflammation and swelling). Naproxen Sodium was first offered as a prescription drug in 1982, but had such a strong safety profile that it was listed as an over-the-counter medication in 1994 as Aleve.Aleve is absorbed rapidly following oral administration. It achieves a peak blood concentration within 15 minutes to 2 hours. The main advantage to Naproxen Sodium is its long half-life (14 hours), which means how long its effect lasts in the body before it is excreted/metabolized. With the long half-life, Aleve only needs to be taken twice a day, or at most, three times a day. The tablets or capsules come in 220 mg dose sizes, and the maximum daily dose is 1250 mg per day. The instructions state to take one tablet twice a day (440 mg total dose). However, for pain that does not respond to one tablet, one could take two tablets twice a day for pain and still be well under the maximum recommended daily dose. Before taking more than the recommended dose, always consult with your MD. It is not recommended that one take Naproxen Sodium longer than 10 days.In studies comparing (Aleve) Naproxen Sodium to aspirin, Naproxen Sodium was found to be 20 times stronger. It is about equally potent as 400-600 mg of Ibuprofen. Many of my patients have found it better than Ibuprofen, as it does not have to be dosed as frequently. Some beleive it is a bit more effective than Ibuprofen.With all drugs there are side-effects, and Aleve has several significant effects that the buyer will need to consider. First, like all NSAIDS, Aleve can cause stomach bleeding, ulcers, and even sudden stomach perforation. If you have stomach ulcers or are prone to GI bleeding, it is best to consult your MD before beginning Aleve. Aleve can also increase bleeding tendencies, as it prevents platelets from clotting together. People with heart conditions who use Aleve can experience swelling of the arms, legs, and feet. Report any adverse side-effects to your MD immediately and discontinue Aleve.In my experience with this medication and in prescribing it for my patients, I recommend they take it with a small amount of food to lessen the direct contact with the stomach lining.Please note that Aleve is about twice as expensive as the generic Naproxen Sodium Naproxen Sodium 220 mg - 400 Caplets Compare to the active ingredient in Aleve Tablets. Generic and Aleve are the exact same drug, so I leave it up to you to purchase the brand you prefer.Jim Koenig, DDS  