review/text: Sadly, Western medicine in America is wholly very unmotivated when it comes to promoting natural remedies for problems. You have Prilosec as probably the most-often referred to product for "solving" heartburn, when the FDA was forced to put a warning label on it saying you can not use more than 6 months; this is due to mineral deficiency that can occur because of so much acid production being inhibited, resulting in a lot of undigested food... in effect, a lot of minerals and vitamins never getting absorbed.I didn't think this product could take care of the very severe case of heartburn I was having. Before I tried this, I had a heartburn attack about a month ago now where I truly thought I was going to have a heart attack in front of my family right there. If you have kids, you know how terrible the idea of dying in front of them is. To those of you who haven't had bad acid reflux, this may sound dramatic. To those of you who have, this will sound all-too familiar.Heartburn Free worked. After about 4 pills in, I am eating completely normally again! Granted, I have not allowed myself to fall into a lot of bad old habits (smoking, gorging on big meals instead of eating more regularly and smaller portions, not exercising, always slumping which, by the way, trains the hiatal muscle to stay open when it's not supposed to, resulting in your acids traveling up out of the stomach), but I turned to Heartburn Free after weeks of doing yoga, standing up straighter, and eating as many safe (read alkalizing) foods as I could handle. The good habits helped, yes, but if I had a big meal with meat in it, I would have to reach for my Gaviscon every time (Pepto Bismol before, until I learned it's not that good for you), while still suffering acid reflux symptoms. Not anymore. I now exercise about a half an hour each morning, do not smoke any more (over a month now), eat healthier (more alkaline in my diet, more regular meals), and am on my 6th pill of Heartburn Free.DO NOT TURN TO PRILOSEC! Heartburn Free's main ingredient is natural and safe, and will not shut down important processes of your body like Prilosec does. Heartburn Free just trains key muscles to close up again, the way they're naturally supposed to, keeping the acids from refluxing and thus preventing you from heartburn. Try Heartburn Free; it's reasonably priced, and if it works like it has with me, you will be so happy you gave it a try. KEEP IN MIND: if you've been on Prilosec for more than 6 months and you want to try this and drop Prilosec, you gotta keep in mind that you have been taking a drug that's telling your stomach not to produce certain acids. That means after dropping the Prilosec, you'll gradually feel that heartburn come back (HOPEFULLY you will, because if you feel the same, it means that your stomach is not producing the acids it should). Since this scenario hasn't happened to me, I have not learned what you should do to rehabilitate your stomach acid pumps into action again. I do know that it's possible though, and I bet you that the guys behind Heartburn Free would be able to tell you what things you can do to get your stomach acids back in action.Give this a try; it really worked for me, and has made my life normal again.  