review/text: This is an interesting although allusive product apparently made in Wuhan, China.Here is my assessment of the product based upon both numerous purchases and long-term use, in comparison to the more traditional and popular OTC products made in the U.S.:PROS:1. This product appears to be very effective, particularly in the short-term. The avalanche of favorable reviews seems to speak for themselves.2. The ingredients in this, although strange to us, have most likely been used in Eastern herbal medicine for centuries without adverse effects and are probably considerably safer than many Western Rx for this condition (such as 1-2% steroid creams)3. The ointment sold by Amazon (and other US retailers) is supposedly, FDA inspected and contains no animal byproducts. The product is well packaged and sealed to prevent tampering or the product becoming compromised in any way.4. All U.S. Mayinglong products have conspicuous expiration dates embossed on the box sides. They also indicate the "GMP" certification (Good Manufacturing Practices). However, this seems questionable, given the lack of regulation and oversight in China at this time.CONS:1. There is currently no verifiable scientific documentation of the efficacy of this preparation being any more effective than Preparation H or witch hazel.2. There are inadequate and inconsistent quality controls in China to guarantee the integrity of the product. (Examples: lead in Chinese manufactured toys, defective Chinese drywall sent to the U.S., arsenic-laced rice, etc.)3. There is a lack of transparency in contact information for the company. Unlike most Western companies, it is unknown who the principals are for this manufacturer should questions and/or problems arise. The distributor (listed on the box), simply receives and ships the product to its merchants and has no accountability for/to Mayinglong Pharmaceutical.4. This product is best for temporary short-term relief. It is NOT a long-term solution. In fact, the more you use this on a regular basis, the less effective it becomes.5. The cloying aroma can make a den of skunks nauseous! Reminds me of my old biddy grade school teachers as they circled the classroom trailing the stench of their rancid, assaulting perfume ("I'll pass on lunch today, Mrs. Elkhart!"). The odor from this ointment is a keeper. Have multiple pairs of disposable underwear available because this stuff clings to cotton briefs like in-laws at your holiday dinner table.THE "BOTTOM" LINE:Extremely effective for short term use only.With repeated, regular use, Mayinglong becomes only about as effective as Prep H., which seems to be our Western standard of comparison.Mayinglong.....The Pal for your Bowel!  