review/text: I bought this after researching eye masks for a while. I get a lot of eyestrain for using the computer mostly, but they turn into migraines or just regular headaches. So I wanted something that didn't just block out any light, but also cooled and was comfortable. I'd say this is the most comfortable mask I've ever tried (Probably tried somewhere around 5 masks). Because its made of gel and not like sand, its extremely comfy on your face. It is also a bit oversized so that it covers more of your face (almost temples) far more than any of the other ones I've tried.One thing of note though as previous reviewers also note, is that it only stays cold for about 20-30 minutes. Thats not even long enough for excedrin to kick in before taking it off. Since it has gel in the center, I think it turns into an insulator of the heat that your head has, and becomes warm after the cold wears off. It leaves you feeling kind of oozy if you forget to take it off quick enough. So does that mean that you should stand clear from this? NO NO NO. I love it, but you should just buy 2 to begin with. When one is getting near to losing its coldness, swap it for the one in the freezer. I put a blue ice bag on top and below the bag in the freezer so it gets colder faster.I've had it for about a month now, and I've used it probably 30 times, sometimes I just put it on if I'm feeling a little warm, or feeling like it could be a stressful day. I just put it over my forehead if I'm working. I have this software called Pzizz (google it) it helps take quick naps and sleep better. The two products combined are great together.Ok, for people looking for head relief, pick two of these up (can't stress it enough). One of the other tricks I just figured out, Take one of the blue ice bags out of the freezer at the same time. When the gel mask has hit the end of its cooling, the blue ice will be a little melted from being out of the freezer. Put the blue ice in a sock. I used to use face cloths but they can't 'hold' something, and they are too thick. So the sock holds the ice pack and is thin enough that you really feel the cooling of it. Put the gel mask in the freezer and wait until the ice pack melts completely, then go get the gel mask again and it should be cold enough (obviously at this point put the ice pack back in too)I hope my large review is helpful in making your decision to buy this wonderful product.  