review/text: I've taken Vitamin E for 41 years. When I ran out of the Now Foods Mixed Tocopherols and took their D-Alpha E-400 until a new bottle of M.T. came in, I felt the difference physically within a couple of hours compared to the way I felt with the Mixed Tocopherol capsules. Of course, Vitamin E is good for your heart, stamina, increasing oxygen in the bloodstream, helping thin the blood, etc. It extended my Father's life by 15 years. He used to huff & puff up a flight of stairs. After 1 month on just 100 I.U. daily, he was able to climb two flights of commercial stairs without problems. Later on the advice of Dr. Wilfred Shute, M.D. in London Ontario Canada, at the Shute Clinic, (where the famous doctor who, along with his brother, Dr. Evan Shute, had treated 50,000 patients with Vitamin E by the 1970's), Dad took 1,000 units a day. That made quite a difference. Although, for some people, such as those with Rheumatic Heart Disease, Dr. Shute recommended only 30 I.U. daily. He said to us that in the absence of a nutritionally minded doctor, that starting with 100 I.U. a day for a week and working up by 100 units weekly, one would reach a point where if the difference felt between a higher dose and a lower one wasn't noticeable, then to stay at the lower dosage. For instance, that might be 800 I.U. vs 900. And, the choice would be 800.I like that Now Foods does not sell esterfied (with preservatives) Vitamin E or any synthetic (DL-alpha only) Vitamin E. Years ago I discovered some companies that sell both synthetic and 100% natural Vitamin E would often have both the synthetic and the natural encapsulated together and call it "Natural." I had a bottle analyzed and it came up 92% synthetic and 8% natural! The manufacturer fooled a lot of people and made a fortune at it (& they are still around). Of course, I never bought Vitamin E from them again.I also discovered that Vitamin E may increase the appetite. And, one's dosage needs can change over time. One may need to increase or decrease the I.U. (International Units) taken daily.The synthetic Vitamin E has about 30% of the biological activity as the natural form. So, buying natural Vitamin E and especially, Mixed Tocopherols, is a bargain even though the price may be double that of the synthetic. Here's an eye-opener... the March 2012 issue of the comprehensive Life Extension magazine had an article on synthetic, dl-alpha Vitamin E increasing the risk of prostate cancer. Go to [...]. I recommend subscribing to Life Extension magazine. The Amazon Kindle edition is $1.99 a month. However, mail-in cards found inside the magazine at bookstores, offer low subscription rates for the printed version.Q-10 (Co-enzyme Q-10) and the Tocotrienols make good additions. I'll review those later or edit this review and add them. However, it is best to start at low dosage with both the Q-10 & Tocotrienols. One half of a 30 mg pull-apart Ubiquinone (not, ubiquinol, as it has different effects) capsule of would be a good starting point. See how you feel within an hour and that will indicate how you'll likely feel with more capsules. But, gradually work up in dosage; unless prescribed by a M.D. Do search the Internet as their are side effects to Q-10 if taken with certain medicines.A good, comprehensive source regarding side effects is a book sold by Amazon: "Interactions Between Drugs & Natural Medicines: What the Physician and Pharmacist Must Know About Vitamins, Minerals, Foods and Herbs" http://www.amazon.com/Interactions-Between-Drugs-Natural-Medicines/dp/1888483105/ref=sr_1_6?s=books&ie;=UTF8&qid;=1357009421&sr;=1-6 by Chris D. Meletis, N.D. and Thad Jacobs N.D. {Pages 60 & 61 have the drugs that may interact with Q-10}.  