review/text: As a guy, buying any hair removal product beyond a razor, is just brutal. Shopping locally at a retail store like Target, Walgreens, etc is tough, as everything in this category is geared towards women. The good options for guys are few and far between, even if you're brave enough to wade through the pink and purple boxes to try and adapt a womens' product. That being said, unless you are in a city with one of those "professional" cosmetics supply places, you have to role your dice on the internet. Well, if you're a guy, don't roll your dice (or cash) at anything other than an AP99.Debate #1: Epilator or Wax? I've done both. Waxing can work, but you better be using excellent wax and muslin cloth or it is POINTLESS and PAINFUL. For me good products meant forty to fifty bucks every 6 weeks. That's expensive over time. So, now to the next question...Debate #2: Does the AP99 hurt?: On a scale of 1-10, 10 being so painful you would never do it again, I'd say about a 6. Some will disagree, but personally I've found if you miss a lot of hair waxing and have to do the same spot OVER again, that is WAY more painful. This is GUARANTEED to happen if you are using any waxing kit from a normal retail store.Debate #3: Why the AP99?: First of all it at least looks like a guy would be allowed to own it. Second, it's corded and not cordless; I personally think batteries are a pain, and go down hill with age. A device like this needs power to work. Imagine being halfway through the job and running out of juice. No thanks. Last of all it has two sets of heads. This gives you a better chance of getting the job done faster, and if you're doing guy-type hair removal, i.e. arms, chest, back, stomach, etc, you need all the horsepower you can get. To add to the positives, the AP99 comes in a great pro looking carry case, and includes a Remington-Style shave attachment. I haven't used it yet, but will definitely try it out soon.Debate #4: the Rewards?: Guys today have to tread a weird line between looking their best, while still remaining masculine. It's so easy to be pegged as a metrosexual if you do anything beyond shaving and getting a haircut. Let me tell you, the day you break through that barrier the rewards are almost immediate. I do my forearms completely, and just keep my chest and stomach in check. The very first day I did this I was asked several times whether I had been lifting or if I had "lost weight." It was incredible. All from some basic hair removal. Not one person asked me if I had shaved or waxed. They can't quite tell what it is, they just know you look better. Combined with the right clothes, and some mild working out (chest and arms) you will give your look a 1 or 2 notch upgrade that will pay you back every time you go out.  