review/text: I don't know what the previouse reviewers are talking about. Maybe their bodies are used to eating junk-food. This is my story:Since it takes me a long time on Sundays to drive home to eat from my club's gym I thought it would be a good idea to buy a protein bar to snack right after working out. Thought it would be more practical than taking a banana in my gym bag. I chose this one from Met-rx (the only brand the store carried) becasue it was smaller than the other ones they sold (very similar composition though).I ate one before lunch just after buying 2 x12 unit boxes for a month supply. It tasted like a peanut butter candy, good enough but way too sweet & filling.About half an hour after eating one whole bar I started feeling just aweful. So tired that I thought I was going to faint. I couldn't do anything after that I felt so bloated & tired. I went to take a 3 hour nap. Only then I started feeling a bit better. A half an hour later I got diarrhea.Feeling puzzled I look at the labels of the product. No it was not expired but it did have a warning about the symptoms I felt but it talked only about the possibility with excessive consumption, not just one bar.Turns out that the stuff they put to make it sweet is sugar alcohol which is indigestible for human-beings, amongst a zillion other chemical ingredients that read like a chemistry lab experiment recipee.Also, the labelling is deceiving. The bar itself doesn't have the nutritioal info, only the box does. The bar talks about zero trans fat, whch I thought meant no bad fat. Turns out from reading the box it has huge amounts of saturated fat (about a third of the daily value, which is bad for you, especially if you are in a low fat diet to gain lean mass. It talks about just 3 gr sugar, but the stuff has tons of sugar alcohol which is worse & makes it as sweet as a disgusting butterfinger candy bar.The next day I returned the product & exchanged it for some other supplements that didn't contain fat or indigestible ingredients.Conclusion: This product is complete garbage just like all Met-Rx protein bars ( a fact I found out later by researchinbg on the internet where tons of people think this). Trust me, I am not a weak or picky person who is allergic to stuff. Generally I tolerate pretty much everything I eat & supplements I take. First time I get such a horrible effect from a supplement or meal replacement product. Now I am back to a healthy & natural banana & amino acid pills after a work out until I get home & can eat regular food & a Syntrax or Weider protein shake.  