review/text: This shake is absolutely delicious if you put in a tablespoon of creamy peanut butter and shake it up. If you drink it right away it will taste like heaven. Otherwise, I could taste a hint of metallic-y-ness without the peanut butter. It tides me over for 4 hours if I mix with milk alone. This is pretty great considering that at 300 or 400 calories I could have a sandwich and still be hungry by the time the fourth hour rolls around. Strange. Maybe it's the chewing that makes me crave snacks even when I'm not hungry. I'm using this shake as a replacement for lunch (I rarely if ever eat breakfast) and mixing some of the powder into my post workout whey protein mix (helps with the hideous whey protein taste of terror). I usually eat dinner at around 5 or 6, however. I always cook what I want to eat, whether it's fried chicken or hamburgers. I just make sure to keep calories low and have half the meal be veggies.Hopefully within a month there should be some change in my weight. I used to be 155 at 5'5 and got down to 120 through healthy eating and (some, forced, boring, evil, time-sucking) exercise. Now the scale has slowly but surely creeped into 127. In fact, I'd like to be 115 if possible. Even at 120 I still had 24% body fat. What the heck. A goal of ten pounds is easily feasible if I stick to it and deny myself of cheat meals. Or a cheat day. Seriously, it's one cheat day...and then another one...and then another one. I eat whatever I want to for dinner and I never feel denied of anything sweet because of this shake.I like a rigid schedule with diet plans. It makes sense to know what exactly to eat. A chocolate shake for lunch? Seriously? I could go through five vanilla milkshakes for a snack. My metabolism is high, just not that high. I'm sure somewhere along the road it will taste absolutely disgusting, but that's what different flavors are for right? It's a quick fix, since I already know I have healthy habits (hidden somewhere underneath a few months of mindless eating or just plain porkiness for the love of food). By replacing my formerly expensive lunches that never filled me up, I may have a chance of not devouring an entire baby cow for my mid afternoon snack.  