review/text: This hip kit is a mixed bag of good and bad. The usefulness to a user really depends on the length of time you will need it. Short term use, it will work out; long term, I would consider other options. I am the second user of this kit purchased from Amazon, which I received from a friend to use following a joint replacement. So the kit has seen extended, but not continual use. The stainless steel shoe horn is a 24" model and very good; you will be able to bequeath it to your children or grandchildren for their use. The dressing stick may last through one recovery period, but I would be surprised if it lasts much longer. The hook arrangement screws into a dowel rod, but by the time I got it, the hook threads were already stripped out, and the top of the dowel had split, so that the hook rotated freely, making the stick useless. I epoxyied the hook into the dowel to stabilize it. In the end, I made my own from scrap materials I had around. Very bad, cheap design. The sock aid maybe one of the best out there, with two handles, sturdy cord, and a hard rubber tab on the back side of the plastic cuff. When I got it, the rubber pad was beginning to separate at the outer edges, but it still worked well. This rubber tab is very important to help drag the sock over the heel and up the leg. I later bought a model, which I thought was the same, but when it showed up, it had one handle, inferior cord material, and a soft foam tab; I expect I will be modifying it very soon. The grasping stick, which was labeled "ErgoTek Plus" is okay, but don't expect miracles from it. It should be considered only for light weight lifting or grapping use. The linkage between the handle and gripper appears to possibly be braided nylon cord. I would expect that will stretch if used often with a fair amount of force; others have commented that this appears to be true for similar kit models. By the time I got the kit, the gripper arm could easily be misaligned and end up binding to the side of the gripper with only moderate side force, basically because of a very poor arm hinge. For light duty, and not long term use, this gripper is fine. It will not pick up coins; it will not pick up thin objects, such as cell phones off of hard surfaces, unless you jam them against a vertical surface, and grip from the top and bottom surfaces. It will grip up to a 15 oz can or water bottles or pop cans, but you feel the grip is a bit unstable. Part of the reason is that you are gripping with your hand horizontal, rather than vertical. For my longer term need, I finally purchased the Ettore Grip n Grab with rotating head. Much sturdier model; I expect it will last a lot longer. Of course, it is more expensive.  