review/text: The double vanilla cream tastes good BUT it's loaded with sugar which is not bad for someone who is trying to gain weight. Also, it does not mix well, that's why it says on the label SLOWLY MIX 4 SCOOPS INTO 2 CUPS WATER OR MILK so I use a blender. Also, I prefer to put a little more liquid than just two cups especially since this mixed is pretty thick. I am 6'1, 299 Lbs. I am not looking to gain weight in fat since I just lost over 30 pounds in the last 7-8 months, just lean muscle mass. I take a half serving per day (2 scoops) with water whether I workout that day or not. On Training day (lifting weights, cardio) I take my usual 2 scoops with water during the day then I make me a full-4 scoop shake and drink about half before I go to the gym then the other half slowly adding water to it to hydrate during workout. Again, I mix with water since I am not trying to gain fat. I have been using this for about two weeks now and I am almost half way through the 6 Lb. jar. The servings are only 15, so if you take 3 a day you do the math. You will be buying this stuff far too often in my opinion, but hey if it works for you and your are really skinny and cannot gain weight, workout, eat alot, sleep alot and workout with enough weight to where you can start off doing at least 6 reps per workout. If you can only do one set of 6 then another set of 4 I would stop there for that workout for that day and give that group 48-72 hours rest depending on how sore you are. I have been working out on and off for ten years and this is the first product of its kind I have tried. The only reason I take it is because a half serving gives me ample protein (25g) which you really don't need any more than that at one time anyway and also its packed with vitamins and minerals to promote well-being and fast recovery. I drank my drink last night and it sure gave me energy! I was sweating my butt off. I'm not the type to do a set (6-12 reps) then go sit down. If you are trying to gain weight, maybe, but consult your doctor or trainer. This is what I DO...does not mean you have to do it. Everyone's body's different. But overall I cannot say this product does what it's supposed to do since I do not take it to gain weight, just lean muscle mass. Again, last night after a serving it did feel like it gave me energy to finish my workout even though I was not really into it.By the way, the way I lost weight was eating brown rice and noodles instead of white, NO SODAS OR SUGARS!!!!! Limit yourself on fast-food because most value meals have a days worth of fat and calories. Just drink water or plain unsweetened tea, eat HEALTHY meals every day and snack on healthy snacks in-between to boost your metabolism. That's how I lost 30+ pounds in 7 months, not with any diet pill, diet club or anything. It's simple....get your metabolism up to loose weight by eating small HEALTHY meals throughout the day...at least 5.Overall I think this product should work for anyone who is muscle-training. It has plenty protein, vitamins and minerals and seems to give me energy even when I don't feel like working out. Sucks if you take 3 servings a day. The 6 Lb. tub is gone in 5 days and you have to spend another 35$ on another and so on. That is why I am giving the product only three stars. You think a 6 Lb. jug will last long......not if you take it as directed.I will stick with my protein powder and try to find one without the sugars and extra calories and all and just vitamins and nutrients.  