review/text: Ok, well, it's still kind of a chore, but I don't feel like I need to stretch my razor blade's life (thus cutting my face) because they are so expensive anymore. Like others before me, I was fed up with paying $25+ for a package of razor cartridges. In fact, I was at Walmart, had Fusions in my cart and left them at the checkout when I realized it was going to cost me $25 for just 6 (or maybe 8) razors! Instead, I opted to go ahead and spend the $35 on the razor and $17 on thissample packto get started. Yes, I paid $50 to make the transition, but that would have been what I would have paid for 2 packages of Fusion blades that would only last at the most, 4 months. The sampler pack alone will easily last me a year given that I use one blade per week. I do have a favorite in the sampler, but I'll wait til I'm running low to order a year's supply of the one I like, and that will still only cost about $15. But about the razor...This razor is exactly what I had hoped for. A solid, heavy-enough razor to use daily with inexpensive razor blades. I did some searching around the net to find a recommended razor for a newbie to DE shaving. This one came up in almost every recommendation. I'm not a huge guy, but have bigger hands than some, and it fits perfectly in my hand and has enough weight to it that I don't feel like I'm going to lose control. The screw-on top secures the razor perfectly and lets me worry about my shaving skills and not about the blade coming loose. It cleans up easily and nicely and I can lay it on my counter to dry without the blade making contact and eventually dulling. This razor is built solidly and feels like it will last a very long time. The shave you ask? Oh, well I now get a shave that my old Fusion, or even Mach 3, couldn't get close to. The learning curve for this guy, or any DE razor, is about 5-10 shaves, but once I got that down, I get a close, smooth, no-cut shave in about 6 minutes. And that's from start (lather) to finish (rinse). I don't even think I could shave that close with no cuts in 10 minutes with my Fusion. I used to shave every other day (and deal with stubble on day 2) to stretch my Fusion blades to 2 weeks, but now I shave daily with my $17, one-year's supply of razor blades.Whether your new to DE shaving, just shopping around for a new DE razor, or possibly wantiing to gift someone a razor, this is a great razor for any man. Just make sure to get some blades for him as this only comes with one Merkur blade. And if he travels a lot, it does not come with a case, so consider thisleather travel caseto secure his razor. And because this is fulfilled by Amazon, packaging is great and shipping is fast, as always.  