review/text: I'm on the fence with this one. I get a lot of sinus infections, so I'm always looking for something to reduce or eliminate illnesses. This product is interesting, and it works if you start it right away and only if you are willing to deal with some cons, including taking it in megadoses. I've used it twice so far -- once it was effective, and once it was not.The first time, I began taking this the day I first felt my symptoms -- a sore throat and slight sinus congestion that is almost always a sign of an impending infection. I took 3 every 3 hours, exactly like it says on the bottle, and it worked. I still had to do my usual nasal rinse routine, but combined with these pills, I didn't get a full-blown infection and I never had the usual extreme fatigue and feverish feeling. This was literally the first time in ten years that I didn't get those associated symptoms, so it was a very big deal to me. In essense, I never felt sick and I had only to deal with some minor sinus congestion that subsided in week.The second time, though, I waited three days after the symptoms began to start taking it. I had been painting inside my home for days, and I was convinced that my allergies were the culprit, not a virus. I was wrong, and by the time I realized it and began taking the Wellness Formula, it was too late. A month later, and I'm still dealing with a sinus infection and a cough, even though I took this formula as directed for a week.So, in my unscientific view, these must absolutely be taken at the first sign of illness, at least for me. That means taking it even if you are not really sure you are getting sick, which then means perhaps unecessarily dealing with the two biggest cons: having to take every three hours (equalling about 18 pills per day, for days on end) and dealing with an excessive amount of gas, which I experienced both times I took it.So if I can't find a better alternative before the next cold or flu that comes along, I will likely use these again. After all, it beats being sick. But I won't particularly enjoy measuring my life in 3 hour increments again. And I definitely won't look forward to the gas (and neither, I'm sure, will people around me!)  