review/text: An example or representation of insurance and investing in your goods. It insures a future with far less wondering if you guy is thinking what he will never tell you. That doesn't sound like fun to me. So I got this and now I am not only a leg up where I was before, I know that in X amount of years one part of me won't age and that's without botox. I plan on using botox in the future and I plan on using this untill it stop benefitting me. Gravity stops with this thing and people are scared of it for some reason. If this effect was something scary looking but promised what this can do I would take it. Think about the trade off. Tight is not a state of mind and this thing has been training to make sure that life doesnt change the fact that you still deserve a pretty one. Get over the insecurity, kegals work but you cant every remember and this is better. What if someone finds it? Make something up. There are not batteries so say it's a baton for adults. Who cares?Some problems are so easy to avoid and this one is something you never want to find out later. This is what I have now bought and done to avoid future-omg!!!! What do I do? I hate this!Plus even if you don't think you need this it will make what is aleady going on that much better. If you and five of your friends are the same age and only you use this for a year-you no matter what can know that you have a better one than they do or it;s more likely. It's not a contest but's hilarious and worth the purchase right there.You don't have to be the typical person who you would think need's this. Someone who feels they are not the same size anymore and can't adjust sizes like small to x small in this case.Why I got this? Why and who this is for? Well I got this in the hopes that while I don't have any new problems or complaints yet about this issue I am going to see if this helps avoid a future of looking for a solution.Do regualr kegals work too? Sure but no one can remember to do those. Put this in a bright colored box on your bathroom counter and see if you end up using this more or remembering kegals. If you are embarrased then pick which embarresment is worse the future embarresment without doing some extra easy work to keep everything up to par, or having to do this anyway but just be embarrased with the issue. Your boyfriend doesn't understand what this is. I am pretty blunt so I warned him of this before he thought..who knows what. He looked at me like a dog would at an object he think he likes but is happily confused. Either way, even if he cared and thought it was weird I would rather the weird than the other feeling-you get it. When you get this in the mail your like, "whoa this is huge or this looks like a lot to mentally deal with." Well suprise! When you find out the shock that it's not to big if it is just do LITTLE BY LITTLE. Don't be a moron! Then lay down read your kindle for a moment do your kegals with this thing for about 2-3 minutes, drop or cover with anti baterial soap, then rubbing alchohol, dry off put back in, "look at me bright colored box," and then repeat every other day. That is it, I will take it and the price for a pretty and up to snuff friend than have to think about surgical or other options which there are none.This didn't come with directions but just look above and the missing instructions is a small price to pay for pretty p. So, this specific type and brand was smooth comfortable and didn't feel like your lower region was lifting weights, it feels light and its easy to clean. The whole beginning concept is probably a hint that you need to begin now!Thanks Berman Center IsIs Beginning Pelvic Exercisor.-wow you really can make everything better on amazon.Remember to choose fear, embarresment and hesitation now without a problem or all of those feelings in the future when you might need more than this item and a prayer to get your pretty p back. If you use this yours will be the best. I don't know about you but I want the best possible for my body and this one doesn't even include anything but an object.Berman Center IsIs Beginning Pelvic Exercisor-and creators-have paid it forward in life.  