review/text: *****This Lemon Ginger Tea from Yogi Tea is for easing occasional indigestion and gas, and for enhancing circulation. It's a delightful, all natural tea made from ginger root, lemon grass, lemon peel, licorice root, black pepper, peppermint leaf, natural lemon flavor, ascorbic acid, and natural licorice flavor. Most of the ingredients are organic. The taste is lemony, peppery, slightly herby and a little sweet, very nice anytime, but especially after a meal. It's a very unique tea that is a true treat.This is my second Yogi Tea to taste and review, and I am definitely impressed with the tea and the company. Lemon Ginger Tea comes with an expiration date (a good thing, because it's not full of preservatives, plus you can tell if it is fresh). Yogi Tea seems to be another company (like Numi, Aspen, Traditional Medicinals) that values sustainable and healthy practices. Their web site has a helpful glossary of tea ingredients and is beautifully designed, with info about each tea they make.Yogi Tea writes this on the box about the tea's benefits: "Lemon Ginger tea is a special healing formula designed to aid digestion, ease upset stomach and provide a caffeine-free pick-me-up. Ginger (Zingiber officinale) has been used for centuries to treat minor stomach ailments, warm the metabolism and reduce nausea associated with motion. Ayurvedic practitioners have historically regarded Ginger as the "universal medicine" because of the way it catalyzes the benefits of other medicinal herbs. The World Health Organization (1999) reports that Ginger stimulates the appetite and can be useful in a wide variety of stomach complaints. Made with Organic Ginger, this blend is formulated to boost digestion and circulation. The sourness of Lemon promotes the secretion of digestive juices and provides the perfect counterpart to the pungent-sweet taste of Ginger. Our formula is augmented with Organic Licorice, to support the adrenals and enhance the effectiveness of other healing herbs; Organic Peppermint, to help with digestion and reduce gas; and Organic Black Pepper, a powerful detoxifier. For centuries, Lemon and Ginger have been used together for their complementary tastes and healing properties. Enjoy a cup of Lemon Ginger tea when your tummy needs a little taming, when you need to reinvigorate your body and mind, or when you just want a delicious healthy drink."There is a warning on the box that if you have indigestion or heartburn that persists you should see a doctor. There are no other cautions or warnings on the box except the standard disclaimer that the tea is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease.This tea has no caffeine and is entirely herbal. Note that Yogi Tea also makes a Green Tea Lemon Ginger that is mostly a green tea and that includes caffeine; the packaging looks a little similar, so make sure you're getting the tea that you want.Highly recommended.*****  