review/text: It's amazing to me. I live in a military town (though I'm not military). But you would think that in a town of 70+ thousand people; there would be a GOOD barber shop with someone who could give a REASONABLY good hair cut!However, this is not the case for me. I went to several different buzz-shops, and they either couldn't understand simple instructions on how I wanted my hair cut, or they just wouldn't do what I wanted.My hair style (by the way) is a variation on the "bald fade".So, while talking to my sister - I discussed my frustrations and she said she could do what I wanted if she had a good clipper. So I began searching. I knew the name Wahl very well as that was the brand of clippers that were used by the shops that I have tried. The problem wasn't the clippers with those shops - it was the person using the clipper that was the problem before.Anyway, I ordered this set from Amazon (mainly because Amazon's price beat anything that I could find - including the "discount club stores).I received the Wahl clipper set, and took it to my sister. She looked through the set and we were both rather impressed that the set was this nice for the price. By the way - it turns out that these very same clippers were being used by the last two shops that I had tried. I reminded my sister of what I wanted, and she popped the correct guide comb on and started buzzing the hair off. Before long - she was finished, and when I looked in the mirror - it was EXACTLY what I wanted. By the way - my sister isn't even formally trained to cut hair.That being said - I now have the hair cut that I have wanted for quite a while.Now as I said - it's not just a good set of clippers that gives a good hair cut. It also takes a good hand using the clipper. But this is exactly the clipper set that I would recomend. It's up to you to find the good hand to use the clipper.This set has everything that you need for a great cut, and the clipper isn't cheaply made either. This is a quality product all the way.  