review/text: You know what's most surprising to me about this Bissell Swift Sweeper (and no, I'm NOT calling it a Sweep Sweeper which is silly)? It's the fact it picks up a lot more crumbs and dust particles than I ever would've imagined. This is the *perfect* alternative to the vacuum cleaner. It's mainly used for messy kitchens, basements and bathrooms when the vacuum is either broken or the electricity is out and you're sitting there in a dirty house (or when you simply don't feel like turning the vacuum on). You seriously only have to go over the same area once or twice and it'll pick up the crumbs. It's amazing that something so simple looking works so darn well!Even more surprising is that the sweeper does a pretty good job over carpet however you have to really push it into the carpet more than you would a hard floor. On a hard floor you can simply push it back and forth with little to no effort. Carpet needs more pushing action and perhaps even two hands so the entire sweeper doesn't flip over (an embarrassing mistake I've made when I got a littly clumsy and forceful, hehe).Amazing how good this product is. The only problem is that, well, two problems- it feels like it could break very easily (but thankfully hasn't happened to me yet) as evident by an occasional weird clicking sound that makes me think the sweeper is on its last legs, and the other problem is that it's sort of difficult to open up the container that collects the dust. I actually haven't found the right way to do it meaning, the way that guarantees I'm opening it correctly and not slowly breaking it every time I empty the dirt. I have no idea what happened to the instruction booklet.Either way, great alternative to the vacuum cleaner. Now when your family spills potato chips and pretzels all over the floor, cleaning up their careless mess isn't much of a hassle! Or better yet, grab this sweeper and tell them to clean it up! Shouldn't be much of an inconvenience at all... unless they're busy watching the big football game or absorbed into a video game. Good luck getting them to move then, haha.  