review/text: To start i would like to say that this product does hurt to start but the pain does go away as you carry on using the product. Now i know that we have all have different pain barriers but no matter how well you can cope with pain it has to hurt the first time. In saying that i would like to point out the pain is worth it as it is only the first few times of use. I have used it on all areas - legs, underarm & bikini. I no longer have to shave everyday if i want hair free, stuble free legs its brillant i tell you and of course no longer need to shave in the shower and deal with the dreaded razor bump. The first few times that i used the product i did get razor bump but that is just because your skin is not used of this type of treatment however after a few times using this product believe me it does not happen anymore.The beauty of the product is that if you see a few hairs appearing after a day or two you can just plug in the epilator and away you go. You dont need to wait till all the hair under your arms or legs or bikini are ready to be waxed (maybe approx 3 weeks depending on the person) make the apointment which may be booked up till a weeks times from the time you rang and then pay for the treatment. There is an easier way - the epilator.To finish one more reason why i strongly recommend this product. We are going on holidays in three weeks (Wohoo cant wait) and the other girls that wax are going through 'dreaded letting the hair grow for the next 3 weeks' phase and feeling like you have put on a stone in weight due to the hair growth. People you all know how it feels. Where as i can epilate the weekend before i go if i want to wear a strappy top and epilate again the day before i go pure brillance. the girls will have to wear tshirts or long sleeve tops for the next few weeks he he. And of course you can also bring it on holidays with you and not need to worry about messy wax strips sticking to everything.My last few words - about time you might be saying - Remember to use an intensive moisturiser as with any hair removal treatment your legs will appear dry and remember if you have been working on a tan before holidays as i have been the epilator will not do any damage to the tan as it is not removing any layers of skin where as waxing and shaving will or so i have been told.Go out there and buy it withstand the pain cause it does go away over time (short period of time i might add)and moisturise.Have fun  