review/text: The only reason this isn't one star is because the product works great. However, I accidentally bought the orange-scented product instead of the Quantum tablets that came with my Whirlpool dishwasher with no added scent. Those were perfect.Only after I got home with the orange-scented tablets from the grocery store had I noticed my mistake. I don't normally like added scents in my household products, but I opened one of the individually-wrapped tablets cautiously, and was surprised at how good it smelled. I wanted to eat it. In fact, I raised it to my mouse like it was a giant orange piece of PEZ candy, so blinded by the delicious aroma that the only thing that stopped me from a trip to the emergency room for poisoning was my wife reminding me it wasn't candy.I enviously popped the tablet into my dishwasher's gullet instead of mine, while mentally running through all the stores nearby that might sell PEZ at this hour.About 5 - 10 minutes later, both my wife and I smelled something. We followed the stench to the kitchen. We thought it was the garbage, but the garbage didn't smell. I worried there was some old leak under the dishwasher or the refrigerator, finally emitting a rotting moldy smell - I checked under both appliances and luckily it wasn't. Then I realized the offending smell was much like urine. I checked my pants. It wasn't me. I asked my wife to check hers. She threw a dish at me. We don't have kids, we don't have pets. The only perp left was the dishwasher: the dishwasher smelled like the old abandoned house on the corner full of steamy cat urine.We sprayed odor neutralizer - that lasted about 30 seconds. Those effing orange tablets I had mistakenly bought...the dishwasher held our dishes hostage for another 30 minutes, while we had to suffer in a home-sized sauna of what anyone else would assume was cat urine. I now have 31 pet-pee tablets I can't use in my dishwasher without risk of vomiting, and I'm DEFINITELY not eating them now.But really, those unscented Quantum tablets were great. I'll be buying more today, along with some *cherry* PEZ.  