review/text: I did not buy this product directly from Amazon, but I figured I would review it anyway. Before I begin, however, I would suggest that if you are interested in testing out protein powders, that you visit your local Vitamin Shoppe. My biggest problem with protein powders is the fact that, while I am willing to use them, I do not want to spend $20+ on a huge tub of it... only to discover that it is disgusting. Thankfully, VS allowed me to purchase any powder, and if I did not like the product, I could exchange it for a store credit. Perhaps you can do the same at your local store.As for the Double Rich Chocolate flavoring: it was enjoyable. I am a chocoholic, so discovering a protein powder that would allow me my chocolate fix without feeling guilty was a godsend.My first taste attempt was mixing the powder with water. It was absolutely DISGUSTING. It tasted like water with the faintest hint of a chocolate flavor. Think of watered down hot chocolate that was never properly mixed and that is what ON's Double Rich Chocolate tastes like. Some people like it, but I definitely did not.Next, I tried it with the no fat skim milk I have with my morning coffee. It tasted like a rich chocolate milk. I was happy, despite the fact that I wanted to avoid drinking 8oz of milk whenever I needed to have this.I noticed that when I had this shake in the morning pre/during-workout (I'm doing P90X, so I would have a serving of this for workouts like Cardio X, Kenpo, and Plyometrics), it would give me that extra burst of energy I needed so I would not bonk halfway through. Why don't I eat breakfast first? I wake up at 6am to get my morning workout done before I leave for my morning commute to Manhattan, so I really have no time to eat a quick breakfast/digest it before working out.As a month passed by, I incorporated the chocolate protein powder to certain "healthy" dessert recipes. It is great to cook with when you want more protein with a snack. My favorite with this is the protein pudding shot:PROTEIN PUDDING SHOT1 package of no fat/no sugar instant Jello pudding mix (I like the cheesecake flavoring)2 scoops of Double Rich Chocolate protein powder1 cup of skim milk1 cup of waterMix it all together and let set in the fridge. It will be somewhat liquidy and less pudding-consistency, but it's still good to dip fruits into.In my second month, I started noticing that I was getting a bit sluggish while drinking this. The taste started to feel more artificial also, which is when I finally looked at the ingredients list. I knew that ON had a natural protein powder, but I wasn't concerned with this one because there was no aspartame (which makes me incredibly nauseous). While I do prefer avoiding artificial anything, it was initially no big deal to me that sucralose (Splenda) was used. Now, however, it is, which is why I immediately exchanged my Double Rich Chocolate for a 5lb tub of the Natural Vanilla Whey.Almost immediately I noticed a difference in taste; the Vanilla was drinkable with water. While it was not the ideal drink by itself, adding a banana to it instantly transformed the vanilla from a 4-star taste into a 5-star taste. Then I added 2 teaspoons of PB2 and I was in heaven.While the Double Rich Chocolate is good, I agree with other reviewers that it is not the best. There is definitely an artificial taste to it that I noticed more and more as time progressed. If you are concerned about artificial sweeteners, then I suggest you avoid the 100% Gold Standard and get the Natural version of it. The taste alone is exponentially better.  