review/text: I just moved into an apartment with brand-new Pergo laminate flooring. It is beautiful, except for the fact that the contractors who painted the apartment left little speckles of white paint all over the floor and didn't bother to clean it up. I have allergies and was already struggling with paint fumes and running myIQ Air HealthPro air purifieron high to deal with them. I didn't want to add more toxic chemicals to the mix, so I researched non-toxic cleaners for laminate and found this product. It does a decent job of cleaning the floor but, in my opinion, it doesn't work any better than plain white vinegar--which is definitely non-toxic and very inexpensive.The Bona also did not remove the paint. However, I am not grading the product down for that because afterwards I contacted the Bona company and they said they don't make any product that can get paint off a laminate floor, including this one.Fortunately, after further research, I discovered thatdenatured ethanolis recommended for removing paint from laminate flooring. The term "denatured" means that toxic chemicals are added to potable ethanol to make it deadly to consume. It occurred to me that it wasn't worth paying extra money for toxic chemicals added to non-toxic ethanol when I could simply use some of the Smirnoff vodka I had in the house already that I use to makevanilla extract. Vodka is distilled from fermented substances such as grains, potatoes, fruit or sugar and it traditionally contains 40% ethanol and 60% water, which is known as "80 proof." I tried the vodka, and it did indeed remove the paint without harming the laminate. I put about a tablespoon of vodka in a small plastic cup, dipped a rag in it and pressed it against the paint to moisten it. Then I let the vodka (ethanol) sit on the paint a few seconds so it could act as a solvent/softening agent. Then I scrubbed the paint loose, using a non-abrasive, plastic scrubber and, where necessary, a fingernail (though it is murder on fingernails if you do that for long).I will use up what is in this bottle of Bona, but after it is gone, I will not buy it again. Instead I will use diluted, white vinegar for regular cleaning. The main thing, I've learned, is to wipe the laminate completely dry after cleaning with the vinegar, the Bona, or any other wet cleaning product.  