review/text: Update: 12/23/2009It's been almost a year now and this thing is still a buzzsaw. I still recommend it heartily.I don't know why Wahl isn't a bigger player in the electric razor field. They should be. I seethat it's being offered now for less money than I paid (sigh).------------- My Original Review ----------------------------Paid $58.35 for this Wahl 4000 with 3 replacement heads (Sensitive, Close and Super-Close) + a little "nose & ear clipper" which has 2 replacement heads. I've only been using it for 2 weeks now.This puppy reminds me of my old beloved Ronsons (I'm over 60-years old), and that's a very high recommendation. I've loved my full-sized previous Braun and a little Braun 1775 for traveling, but this mighty Wahl tops all except the Ronson corded models (but is equal to them, I think). I've never seen a cordless razor with this much power! It's loud, but what the hell?My beard has been all-grey for years now and, as you may know, that means each hair is thicker and harder to cut. This razor plows thru it easily.Its plastic body does feel thin and more fragile than others... it looks and feels cheaply made. When you take off the head cover to expose the twin blades for cleaning, they also look fragile and you must hold them a certain way to brush them clean or you may damage them.I don't know if the batteries are NiCad or NiMh. I hope they're the latter so they don't develop a "memory" that would eventually prevent a full recharge, but if that does happen, it can be used the old-fashioned way: with its cord.It kinda' pisses me off that nobody seems to make a cordless razor with replaceable rechargable batteries! They all eventually stop taking a charge. I even had a cord/cordless one once that stopped working with the cord once the batteries failed! Jeez! Obviously, the manufacturers want you to throw it away when the batteries fail so you'll buy a new one.Anyway (I'm rambling)... this is the best razor I've used in years, primarily because it's so powerful! It also shaves very close with very little irritation. I just hope it lasts!!  