review/text: Since re-injury to a 40 year old broken foot and then foot surgery to correct developing it's own problems I find all that relieves my misery is the MBT, Sketchers, Etc. rocker style footwear. So I have a closet full of fantastic winter and hiking and climbing boots even that I can not wear. Not to mention ice-skates. None of which have the MBT style soles. None of the MBT's even my hikers that no longer are made have a solid enough sole to wear on ice and snow covered paths for walking in winter up here with or without trax. Soooo I'm trying these out. So far they help but haven't been brave enough to try them on ice yet. Haven't tried them in my ice skates either. Since as others mention they do not provide the same flexibilty that a true MBT does as far as rocking your foot all the way back when you step...that's fine. I just really need some firm support for the outside of my bad foot. And with a pair I can keep my leg length the same so do wear in both shoes. These were definitely better than the other pairs of Barefoot insert soles I bought at the same time. And for approx the same price. I'll eventually be back for more as they are made a lot better and feel better than anything I've attempted to date. From a few of the bad reviews I worried they wouldn't be made well...but much better quality than several more expensive ones I've tried. Also they do give that outside support I needed. Since it's winter I haven't attempted to wear them in all my non rocker style shoes yet. They won't stay in most sandals however. And I was using them in a pair of flipflops that are slightly rocker styled and they slip out the back side as they are a clog and they don't have a removable insert either. Overall I recommend. Not for an excercise burn your glutes fad thing but if you have foot problems so often this style is the answer as are the MBT's to regular shoes. I paid 300 for a single orthotic insert custom made by a doctor and it gave me no help...thus the surgery eventually which left the foot in less pain but weakened and in need of constant support that most arch or foot inserts aren't set up for...they work on under the foot or the inside of the foot but not the outside support so much where I need it. Will buy a few more pairs of these for spares and to use in other pairs of shoes so not having to switch them out all the time.  