review/text: I'm a bit surprised, but beta sitosterol really seems to work for an enlarged prostate. My doctor prescribed Rapaflo, and while it helped a bit, it didn't solve the problem, especially overnight. I started experimenting with a milder dose of beta sitosterol I had purchased from The Vitamin Shoppe, and lo and behold, it made a considerable difference in both my ability to control having to always go to the bathroom as well as flow.I decided to experiment with a stronger dose because the one I'd been taking required me to take two tablets, one in the morning and one at night, to get up to 240 mg. The Mega Strength Beta Sitosterol is one table with 375 mg, and it seems to be working even better than what I was taking before. I break the tablet in two, and take half at night and half in the morning because that regimin seems to work. Also, this is a huge pill, and isn't easy to swallow. Those who have trouble swallowing large vitamins, etc., are not going to like this at all. It's the reason I deducted one star from my rating.A couple notes. First, I am still taking Rapaflo. I intend to stop taking it when my next refill comes due to see if beta sitosterol alone can work by itself. Rapaflo is expensive, even on my drug plan, and if I can stop taking it, I'd like to. I'll report back in a few months as to how it worked out.Second, this isn't a scientific report but simply anecdotal evidence. I have a real problem with BPH and was grateful for even some modest relief with Rapaflo. I had read about beta sitosterol on the Internet and decided to give if a try. While it took about two weeks to really see results, the improvement in my situation was really obvious. I have no idea if it will do the same thing for you, but I intend to keep using it since it has definitely helped me. I now only get up once during the night, and can play an entire golf game without having to visit the rest room.Lastly, I'd discuss the usage of this supplement with your urologist. Beta sitosterol is the active ingredient in Saint John's Wort that was also recommended for BPH. I'm not sure what interactions it might have with other medicines, but I'm certainly not going to hide my use of it from my doctor. I can only say for me, it seems to work!In brief, beta sitosterol seems to be an excellent supplement for those suffering (yes, that's the right word) from BPH as it definitely brings relief. The pill, unfortunately, is very large and not easy to swallow, hence my rating of 4 out of 5 stars.  