review/text: Beginning 10 or 15 years ago, I started having problems with my skin - a kind of itchy irritation on my shins, eyelids and elsewhere. My doctor gave me various kinds of cortisone creams which were effective, but the problem would always return when I stopped applying them. When I researched a bit, I discovered that the most frequent cause of this type of trouble is soap and shampoo! I tried some "extra mild" type soaps and got enough improvement to be encouraged but not as much as I had hoped for. Until finally, I stumbled on to Dr. Bronner's.Initially, I tried the Almond scented variety. The improvement was quick and complete. I was thrilled, but I didn't really like the scent. That's when I tried the Unscented Baby-mild. Works just as well and no scent except for a barely noticeable "green" aroma. It's almost a year now, and I've not had any recurrence of the skin irritation that used to bother me.I use it as both soap and shampoo. I am a man and keep my hair reasonably short, but not like I just got out of the Army. After shampooing, my hair is not oily but not dried out. Combs easily without knots. Looks pretty good, I think.Since it contains no scent and no deodorant, if you sweat you'll smell. Pardon the bluntness but you should know the trade-off you're making.It makes a nice lather, but it's not very foamy or bubbly. I suspect that some of the chemical additives contained in regular soaps provide this function. It is "thin" rather than creamy. Again, that's probably what other soaps' additives do.A 32-ounce bottle lasts me, with daily showering, shampooing and generally 1 face-washing, just about 6 weeks. That makes the cost higher than non-organic, non-castile soap and shampoo, but only slightly so. I am happy to pay the difference to get the relief that this product has given me.If you're going to try it, search Amazon thoroughly. There's more than one listing for this and different listings have different prices, vendors and shipping costs and (occasionally) go on sale at different times, so do a bit of checking before you pull the trigger.  