review/text: As a thirty-something father of two, I'm a little late to the Get Buff party. With work, kid extra-curriculars, and frenetic meal times to worry about, in addition to a body that just isn't 20 any more, I'll take my fitness where I can find it. After a lunch time workout at the local gym, I need something to help my body recover. ON's Whey Gold Standard really fits the bill.With a work laptop, lunch, a change of clothes and a towel to wrangle into work each workout day, I place a premium on ease of use and portability. Obviously a 5 pound mega-jug doesn't fit the bill, but this powder can be placed in a blend cup with liquid (I go with 1% milk) and stashed in an insulated container with a freeze pack until after my workout. The label claims it's 'instantized' and while I'm not clear on what that entails, it certainly mixes with ridiculous ease. A couple shakes of the blend cup and I have a nicely frothed up beverage for the drive back to work. There are no powder clumps bobbing at the top or lingering in wait at the bottom, daring me to spoon them out to get my full serving's worth. The drink is velvety smooth.The Mocha Cappuccino's taste is quite delicious by my standards. It isn't quite as chocolatey as Hershey's syrup, but it's a nice full flavor and I could easily see enjoying it for the flavor alone. It also includes coffee as an actual ingredient, which is handy for those of us with caffeine habits.The powder proudly wears its nutritional merits on its sleeve, so I can add little in that regard. If you are looking it up here, you already know that it's low in calories and carbs, but high in whey protein, the particular sort of protein that is most easily absorbed by your body. This particular brand is well regarded, suffering only from the occasional irritation that popular products always engender from people who prefer their brands to be a little more exclusive and against-the-grain. I'm sure there are more esoteric varieties available that are marginally better in some precise way, but a pretty wide Google net seemed to reveal that ON is a well-loved fixture even among some of the die-hard enthusiasts. Considering the exceptional taste and ease of use, that's good enough for me.  