review/text: I've been struggling with arthritis pain, sore joints and low energy for a long time. After changing my diet completely, I was still dealing with these and other health issues to varying degrees. A reputable natural healer advised me to incorporate a quality green supplement to my organic, vegan based diet. It was when I added "Perfect Food" to my already stuffed Blentec that in two weeks I noticed a change, perhaps the change that was to elevate my health to another level, where I began to feel a noticeable tapering of my arthritis symptoms as well as my sore joints and muscles. It's been a long journey, probably too long to discuss here, but i'm relieved to feel better to the point that I cannot remember when I last felt this good.Perfect Food combines many great ingredients including a quality probiotic, green grasses and vegetables too numerous to list and many are organic. It is great for those who have no time to hunt down leafy greens to eat or grind up. I should know because I spend a lot of time going to stores who are indifferent to organic produce and if they carry any, it is already expired and wilted. So I recommend mixing this product in water or even in your protein drinks for the daily helping of green. We need green to fortify our poor American diets since few of us are not fortunate enough to live on or near a farm.Recently after petting one of my dogs (another "little" Rottweiler), I discovered two cysts on opposing shoulders that were 3.5 cm's in diam. She had a dry, wiry coat and was shedding excessively which surprised me because she is on a natural/raw diet. I decided to give her and my other dogs some of my green drink since I felt they were not getting enough green and this was easy to do for me. Within two weeks, my little Rotty's cysts had each shrunk to the size of a pea. Her coat was shiny and she ceased to shed. My other dogs' coats also improved and two of them no longer had ear issues.This is a proven product that has been on the market for a while and it works. In my case, I had to also change my diet, eliminating many fats and "dead" foods. Amazon has made this so affordable with their auto delivery program and I am grateful. We go through one 600 gm. container per month as well as one "Primal Defense" (see my review) 180 cap bottle. Both are free shipping. I've seen Perfect Food as high as $72. Vitacost has it for $42. Amazon beats them all (600 gram container) for $34 total! Thanks Amazon!  