review/text: i imagine that my state of mind when buying this product was the same as anyone else. i had seen the TV ad showing the whole spray and wipe idea. Spray some on...wipe the hair off. Even had the cool little animation of the hair follicle being removed. Well as a body hair inclined man, i sit her today fairly bodyhairless (in the applied areas)...i also have chemical burns all over my upper torso.Before i get to that whole burning part, let me address the hairless part. i probably will not be hairless long as the product does NOT remove the hair follicle it simply destroys the above skin hair and causes the hair to break off at the skin level, leaving pretty much stubble, that is back the next day. after using your skin is exactly like how it would be after shaving. And when i said destroy...its more like melt... and i mean that. i am hispanic so my body hair was pretty thick. you could watch the hair pretty much melting.I will say that if you spray in a patch and expect all that hair to be removed you are wrong. you will need multilple application within the same area to remove everything...which brings me to the chemical burning.now for the record this burning is not just in areas that i had to do multiple applications but also where i did single applications. initially i felt no discomfort at all (at first application) in fact after it sitting there for a few minutes i still felt decent though it does begin to irritate. however while wiping it off with the damp cloth as they suggest, you learn something valuable. the active ingedient in this stuff reacts amazingly with water. then you get to feel the joy and pleasure of a chemical burn. First application is honestly not that bad...however if you decide to reply (the same day) in the same area...just spraying it on will feel like napalm.i will note here that i did thoroughly make sure that i removed all the product from my hairless but pain riddled body. the next day, getting into the shower...well i have not felt pain like that in a very very long time.i should also point out that though they recommend this for bikini lines...i wouldn't...being a guy i can't really compare notes due to certain differences but i can say that i used this on my chest and some of it did get on my nipples...they proceeded to burn amazingly and develop open sores that did involve a little blood. i would not want to imagine that situation in any of the more delicate parts of the anatomy.next day? more stubble, still lots of pain..a hot and uncomfortable rash wherever the product touched...little scabs where it appears the product caused bleeding in the pores of my skin.i hear there is a product called Kalo that works a lot better...maybe after i heal i will try it...till then, my days at home mean wearing no shirt and wishing my skin would grow back a lot faster.  