review/text: Like many customrs, I like Glide intially because it is easy to get inbetween your teeth, and slide in and out without much effort. But,after removing a tooth a few years ago, food easily got stuck inbetween my teeth near that region. I found that I need extra effort using Glide to get food scrap out as compared to traditional dental floss. Food scraps stick to traditional dental floss easier that to Glide, and hence can be removed with less flossing. The same reason makes Glide easy to use is exactly the same reason makes its in-effective in cleaning. Glide is made of Teflon material that is the same material made of non-sticky cooking utensil. Teflon is strong, but very slippery, non-sticking. That is why you can floss without fuss. But, would you buy a slippery scraping pad or use ice cubes to scrape your floor or bath tub ? To remove flood scraps or plague inbetween the teeth, you definitely want something less slippery, and let food scraps/plague stick to the floss surface better. 'No pain, no gain' is true in this case, don't let high tech hypes and marketing tricks fool you otherwise. My point is that I have spent money, time and effort to floss faithfully everyday, I want to wring a worthy cleaning power out of each flossing move, I would use traditional floss material. Another point is that Glide is so slippery on my finger that I have to use longer floss to wind a few more rounds on my finger to hold it. Unfortunately, Glide is more pricey than other tradition floss brands, and they get selling more of their stuff. An advice for those who have severe dental conditions that require a good flossing everyday, you should stay away from Glide. However, if you just want an easy way flossing, and don't care about real effectiveness of cleaning, Glide is indeed a real easy way out. For those environmentally-conscious folks, you should be aware that Teflon is a lot worse than other plastics and fiber for the environment(don't get me wrong, plastics and fiber are bad too), and they should not be used as a disposable product.  