review/text: ok, i'm sure you don't want to read about toenail fungus but... that's the main reason i bought this machine. i have two nails that are discolored, my doctor told me i likely got it at the gym (damn... that's what i get for working out!). she said to never ever go into the sauna or shower areas without flip flops. okay -- now i never do, but problem is, i did before. picked up something that discolored two of my toenails. i guess i'm vain. because i definitely did not like the way those nails looked.anyway i tried many nail clearing remedies and solutions, but it is very very hard to get penetration under the nail bed because nails are so thick. i even took pills, for at least a year as prescribed, but they did not work.i decided to try some natural-ish remedies. a friend told me soak my feet in water and hydrogen peroxide, i read on the web to do the same in water and vinegar. so i decided to try both of those and searched out the best foot rub / massage / soaker to do it in.i looked here on amazon and bed bath beyond. there were a few dozen choices. almost every single model was in the $35 range or so and by conair (i like their hair dryers) or homedics (i've never been blown away by them), or some middle level consumer brand. a few of the choices had seemingly absurd features like aqua lights which were like disco lights. (tho i do like disco... mind you!). but that machine ie said, the pulsating lights would be soothing. no -- i'm sure they would just be ridiculous. probably send you into a seizure.what i did want was something that heated the water because if i was doing this for therapy to my nails, i knew the heat would help with penetration. (btw i know the instructions say to not use oil or soaps in the water... i have used vinegar and hydrogen peroxide, because those are antiseptics and probably clean the machine too haha! plus they do not leave residue like soaps so i took my chance putting them in the machine.... so far... no problems!)i also wanted very very strong jets, since i knew that would be good for treatment and to just be plain soothing too. i was initially taken aback by the price of this brookstone unit -- at 3x or so more than anything else. i've had decent but not head-over-heels experiences with brookstone products. but i did feel based on my experiences they had a good reputation and stood behind their stuff. (i see some reviews here would definitely challenge that!).anyways i bought it at brookstone directly, since there was one close enough and at the time when i looked online, shipping was quite a bit more since this is a bulky item. what i can say after having it several months now is, it is a powerful, high quality machine. it feels spa quality, and not gimmicky and lightweight like some of the other models i saw.some notes others have mentioned...- yes it's kind of big. i still don't know where to store it when it's not in use!- yes it's kind of heavy when there's water in it. but again, if you want a full spa experience, i think you want a well that's big and deep enough to comfortably cover your feet and soak em. it's better that this has more room... than less. right?!- there's a splash guard, but when water is spraying and bubbling all over the place, things are bound to get wet. i always put the machine down on a towel, and even tho the splash guard is in place, the towel is always damp afterwards. so just be careful of your flooring!- in my experience, the heater has worked very very well. it's hot and quick. like some people i know.what i will tell you is, after using this about two months weeks, about 3x a week... my feet were definitely softer -- that happened quite quickly. my problem nails definitely took on a better hue and condition -- that happened more slowly, and i know i must do the upkeep for months / years to come, it really does take that long to battle nail infections!!! ;-( but i really think this foot spa has helped. powerful. hot. strong. and actually it's comfy to soak your feet, tho it is time consuming!!!i took the plunge and spent $100+ buying this. but i definitely think it was worth it. it's a little dumb if brookstone doesn't have replacement parts, like some reviews have said. for example there's a pumice stone this comes with -- and it has definitely worn away. are you telling me i can't order a new one?!... (pumice stones are cheap... i guess i'm off to the drug store when the one of the machine wears out! but i wouldn't mind a replacement one on the machine!).but anyways i would definitely splurge, and buy this again if i was looking. expensive yes. but my experience has been a good one, and definitely worth it.  