review/text: But I MUCH prefer these over the first response test! Here's my review I posted for the first response test, which applies to this Clear Blue test too, and I will add pictures of the two test side by side.My first and last pregnancy, four months ago, I didn't even realize I was pregnant, because I was on birth control pill, but when more than two weeks went by without my period showing up, and I was a HUGE hormonal wreck, I knew something wasn't right and so I stopped by the pharmacy and picked up a Clear Blue digital test. Immediately after dipping it, it said PREGNANT digitally on it without a doubt.Unfortunately, I lost the baby a few weeks later. But, the pregnancy made me realize that yes indeed I wanted a child more than anything.As crazy as it may sound, this time around, I KNEW I was pregnant as soon as I got pregnant! This may be TMI, but I started getting really REALLY bad diarrhea about 3 days after ovulation. After 3 days of literally running to the bathroom, it was threatening to come out my other end too... Fortunately, nothing has come up so far, but dry heaving is still no fun. I knew something really wasn't right, when I was starving, bought myself a burger, and sat there and stared at it, because the smell of it made me want to throw up. Who would have thought I would buy food, only to be repulsed by it? lol This was only 6 days after ovulation too.I so wanted to take a pregnancy test right then and there, but I knew it would be fruitless, and made myself wait until 5 days before my expected period. I had a pack of three of these on hand, so, even though I knew it would probably be negative, I couldn't wait any more. I tested, and I was right; it was negative.I refused to believe that it was just a tummy bug though...and even though my first pregnancy I didn't have the runs or morning sickness, three days later, two days before my expected period, I took yet another test.... Nothing...so I chucked that in the trash too...I was going to give up and tell myself, I may as well wait until after my expected period before I waste any more of these test....What's another day's wait? But... the next day, I couldn't help myself. My last and final first response test... I dipped it and chucked it...but wait... was that my imagination because I was determined for it to be indeed positive? Or am I really that crazy to think that I can feel myself being pregnant from day one??? I fished it out of the garbage, and I squinted, and I put it first under my lamp, then under direct sunlight....is there an extremely EXTREMELY faint little line there? Or am I really going crazy?No. I'm determined! I remembered! I had one more Clear Blue Plus test from the last box! My fourth test... and there was no denying it! Immediately, there was a definitely CLEARLY positive result!Now curious, I fished the other two first response test out of the garbage too. The one from 5 days before my expected period was definitely negative... but! The one that I seriously thought was negative from the day before? Ever so faintly, as if I could have imagined it, I can see there is a line now!In hindsight, I wish I would have stuck with Clear Blue! I would probably known for a fact I was pregnant a day or two earlier, and not have to question it, or feel like I'm nuts! (And us pregnant ladies know we don't need any more reasons to feel any crazier! lol)It worked for me, a day before my missed period, but being able to compare it to another test, I would, without a doubt, recommend Clear Blue instead!I will post pictures of my four test sticks!GOod luck and baby dust to all!  