review/text: After looking and looking, and reading all the reviews, I finally decided on this pill organizer. Yes, it is pricey. Yes, I probably should not have spent the money. But it solved all our medication issues.I have a 41 yr. old mentally challenged son - head trauma resulting in brain damage and multiple VP shunt revisions. As part of his cognitive behavioral therapy he was supposed to start filling his pill organizer for himself and become responsible for taking his medications regularly. Previously I had purchased two 1 week/2 week organizers, which worked well for my medications, but soon became problematic for my son's medications.As his medications were increased and changed we were having more and more trouble fitting them into the organizer. Several of his meds are large pills and one of them is in capsule form. I could fit them into the organizer if I arranged them in a specific order, but he could not. The capsules would crack when he closed the lids, so I was the person who had to fill it each week. Also it only had two sections for each day, morning and evening.Then I found three organizers here on amazon.com. I read all the reviews on each and decided to purchase this one. One of the best decisions I have ever made!My son now fills his organizers himself each week. Each compartment is large and deep so no more breaking capsules or having to arrange the meds just so. There are 4 compartments for each day, so if the doctors decide he needs to take a medication three or four times a day there is a place for them. The days of the week are clearly marked on each compartment.While I still have to watch and re-order his meds for him, I only have to check the organizer now and then to make sure he is putting the right pills and correct number of pills in the compartments. And I do still have to remind him to take his meds now and then. Eventually I hope he will be able to re-order for himself and will consistently remember to take his meds, but for now this is a big step.The compartments shut tightly so no more accidental popping open and spilling. :) Also if he is going to be away from home for a few hours he can take one day's dose with him in his pocket. Then all he has to do is remember to take it at the scheduled time. :/ We'll see how that goes. ;)For the self esteem and independence he has gotten and for the one less responsibility I now have this pill organizer is priceless. I would recommend it to anyone. It is worth every penny we spent and so much more. :)  