review/text: I know - my husband's lazy. But that's just when he gets home. He's on his feet all day, so I thought that he would love a foot spa for Christmas. I did my research, and found this spa to be the highest rated, more bang for the buck. I was a bit wary shelling out as much as I did for this spa, when I could've experimented with the $40 spa around the corner at Bed, Bath & Beyond, but this looked to be the master of foot spas before you get to detoxification.A few things you should know before you buy this:1. You cannot use any bath oil or salts. Don't be tempted by the upsale on your screen flaunting them in the herd instinct. Everyone who buys this foot bath with those tantalizing salts realizes when they actually look at the foot spa manual that you can't use them. You will risk ruining the product. If you don't like the luxury of add in products, then you're in the right place.2. It takes FOREVER to heat. I mean it. My husband, though a sentient of patience at his job, just wants to relax when he gets home. A half an hour to heat seems a little much. In his view, it takes too long. If you want to do yourself or your loved one a favor, heat it up 30 min. before you plan to get it. Personally, I dump the salts in the bath and save myself some time.3. The foot bath itself is ginormous. That can be a good thing if you have larger feet and want to save yourself from buying another product and having to send it back. However, it's bulky to store and hard to clean. My husband just left it in the hallway ;o(. For a petite lady like me, that meant I had to haul it up to the bathtub to dump it. And he hasn't used it since.4. Don't be fooled by the lure of the "massagers". They're rollers at the bottom of the spa, that you have to move with your feet. Lame! The jets, however, were quite nice.In summary, this product lacks the luxury of the advertised spa. It's bulky, takes a long time to heat, and it's not cheap either. While I'm known for my knack for getting a good deal, sometimes you just have to ask someone personally how they like it. For me, it's a small price to pay for the knowledge considering I'm just going to buckle down and buy that hot tub after all.  