review/text: I shaved for 20 years with multi-blade razors and their ilk, and it was a huge waste. How did we ever get so brain-washed by Gillette? Their only advantage is that they make it almost impossible to cut yourself, and let you fly over chin and jaw without slowing down, but they do so by giving you a much duller blade and a worse shave.I have tough stubble: the kind that is dark again by 17:00, sticks in your finger like a metal bristle when it gets long enough, and tends to grow inwards, causing me constant ingrown hairs and other irritations at the neck, middle-cheek, and around the mouth. I had read-up on how to shave carefully, with the grain; tried countless different creams, foams, etc.; scrubbed, cleansed, loofah'd, etc.; took weekends off from shaving; and nothing ever improved it substantially, until I switched to this razor 3 weeks ago. Suddenly: the irritations are gone, my shave lasts all day, my face is smoother, and I'm paying a fraction of the price for the blades. It has been a truly transformative experience, and even easier than I expected. (I've had only one minor nick in 3 weeks, even as a beginner.)HOWEVER, there are some important things to learn for this to work. The first is that you should immediately trash the blade that comes with the razor. I almost gave up while using that dull, sticky, blade, and I'll be severely disinclined to ever try a Merkur blade again. But then I got some nice Wilkinsons and the whole experience was transformed: smooth, quick, and effective.Next, you absolutely must keep your face (not just the razor) nice and wet. I live in a dry climate, so this means patting on some more water once or twice while I'm finishing up. The lubricating strip on those $2-a-pop multi-blades makes it easier to shave semi-dry, so we forget about the basic physics, which is not really doing us any favors.(Don't forget to dispose of your blades safely by putting them into the back-side of the dispenser. That took me a few days to notice.)I can't compare this razor to others like it yet. However, it's very well made, of smooth stainless steel. The textured grip provides a rock-solid hold while you shave. The opening mechanism is machined perfectly, and is easy enough to work with, although I'm tempted to try one of the "butterfly" mechanisms some day, if they shave as well. I had thought about getting one with a longer handle, and was concerned about the length of this one at first; but as soon as you begin shaving with it, the short handle becomes a virtue, allowing you to spin, tilt and otherwise adjust your shaving angle quickly and easily.Lastly, the whole experience is just much more satisfying. This nice hunk of stainless steel just feels solid and reliable in your hand, and isn't going to degrade with time. I won't be going back. I'll change shaving technologies again when they invent the laser that does your whole face in one pass...  