review/text: Our old beard trimmer finally gave up, so I was in the market for a new one.I bought this one because I loved the way it looked and it said battery operated.Well, be aware that when you buy "battery operated", it simply means there is no cord.This one is a LITHIUM battery. That means that you have to CHARGE it, and often.That part has been a big disappointment to me. I wanted a trimmer that you just popped newbatteries in as needed.The problem with this model is that it dies randomly. You can't use it while it is chargingeither. Yes, it will turn on, but there's no power behind it. We don't use it every day, sodon't have the need or space to keep it plugged in all the time. That means it's a roll of thedice any time you want to use it as to whether or not it will have enough charge to do the job.Yesterday, we hadn't used it for a while, and I went to trim my husband's sideburns.Dead in the box - no power at all. I charged it for maybe 10 minutes, thinking that would at leastgive us enough oomph to trim those little spots of hair. Nope. Started up fine, but died before Icould complete the second sideburn.The other thing is that this takes an adapter, so it is yet another adapter that needs to be storedsome place! I keep all our hair cutting things in a box (I do our family's hair at home, having hada beautician in the family, I learned plenty from her). It is uber annoying to pull out the boxto work on hair and have no power, despite having not used it. So, the battery discharges itselfwhether you use it or not. I hate that!The design is wonderful - it feels so good in the hand, easy to use, ergonomic.If they would just go back and rework the battery part, this would be the perfect trimmer.As is, it annoys the heck out of me. The blade cuts cleanly, and the plastic length guidedoes a good job as well.So, if you use a trimmer daily and can keep the charger close by, then you'll love this one.If you only use it from time to time, be prepared to plan a day ahead and charge it, or betempted to toss it into the trash can.  