review/text: Thinking I had nothing to lose since I go through creams on a daily basis with my eczema on my legs, back, arms and feet, I paid the $9.99 for the Miracle of Aloe Miracle Rash Repair Cream.This is 36% aloe which is to promote healing of skin damaged by psoriasis, dermatitis and itchy, red, scaly, dry skin. I think since it did not specifically mention eczema I should have been forewarned, but dermatitis is in the same family of skin conditions.I like that it is a large thick tube with a flip-top lid that can be applied to areas 3-4 times daily. The box mentioned dead sea salts, but not being familiar with this it made no difference in my purchasing decision. The fact that it contains no lanolin was to my benefit.The photos on the box show before an after with red marks on a leg and then it is clear. Since I have several products I use concurrently on my eczema I chose to focus on my legs and feet with the Miracle of Aloe Miracle Rash Repair Cream.Since I am sticking to wearing socks and sneakers this summer season I opted for applying the cream on my feet before putting on socks. This did help a great deal with no itching throughout the days I was out and about in my sneakers and also while working out at 24 Hour Fitness.This is another one of those products that I must avoid from placing into the palm of my hand. This stung my open sores where skin is resurfacing so bad that I had to quickly get it off the area. I try to remember to always place the cream on my feet and legs and use my fingertips to rub into the skin.The cream is white, smooth but not overly creamy, more oily, but absorbs into the skin very fast. This does not leave a sticky feeling on the skin, nor does it cause me to apply more to scratch off. There is a light scent that is pleasant. Once you get half way through the tube it is hard to grasp and push out the contents without effort. When you have cuts and sores on your hands it is like living with arthritis making opening and squirting impossible.I doubt I will pay another $9.99 for this Miracle of Aloe Miracle Rash Repair Cream. Then again a small tube of all the other over the counter products cost about $5-6 and are much smaller in size. I wish these items were available in tall slender tubes with a push down dispenser allowing us to get all the contents out with ease and less irritation.  