review/text: I am a very cautious medicine taker (and supplements are medicine too). Sending anything that is not food down into my stomach has to be justified, absolutely necessary, well researched, etc... you get the idea. By the time our second child went into preschool, it seemed we were constantly getting sick or getting over being sick. We were picking up one bug after another from every sick child in their schools it seemed. That's when I found Wellness Formula at our local Wild Oats store (Wild Oats was bought by Whole Foods some years ago, but Whole Foods has continued to carry this product).First, the WARNINGS: these tablets smell terrible, and they taste even worse. They can make you nauseous if you take them on an empty stomach. They are horse sized.BUT!!! They are so amazing, that neither their size nor their awful smell and horrible taste will keep you from taking them.Wellness Formula has kept us healthy and strong for the past 7 years. When everyone else seems to be buckling under some terrible bug or another, we keep taking our horse doses of Wellness Formula several times a day and we are invincible.It is best to take them before you get sick. So, if there are lots of sick people around you, start taking your Wellness Formula. If you feel a little tickling in the back of your throat, start taking your Wellness Formula. If you haven't been getting enough sleep and your immune system is depressed, start taking your Wellness Formula. On a random day, if you remember, take your Wellness Formula (in this case you would take a smaller dose). Even if you missed taking them at the first signs of illness, all is not lost, start taking them as soon as you can and you will not get as sick and you will feel better much sooner.I have been recommending this to everyone I know and care about, and many of those people have in turn started recommending them to everyone they know.And no, neither I nor anyone I know works for this company. Though if you do know someone who is involved in the production of this amazing supplement, I wouldn't mind sending them a nice card and a box of delicious chocolates.  