review/text: I cannot begin to adequately explain what a life changing product this is! In my opinion, it should be in EVERY woman's daily suppliment regiment!Let me start off with one term: PCOS; also known as Polycystic Ovarian Syndrome. Made me gain weight (over 150 lbs) that no matter what I, or my docs have tried, nothing has helped to shed the weight. Horrible adult acne at 30 years old, hair loss, HORRID menstral symptoms, irregular menstruation....and ultimately, INFERTILITY.I watched the Doctor Oz show one day, and he was touting the benefits of DIM - saying that it may help you lose weight, and can help lower your cancer risk. I've tried everything else...so I thought, "Why not?"I was not expecting any drastic results, but to my suprize, the pounds just started JUMPING off of me! I have been taking DIM since late April of 2012, and have not changed anything. My diet has stayed the same, activity level has stayed the same, etc.....BUT.... I have gone from 287.5 lbs down to 230 lbs in just a few short months of taking a double dose each day (2 pills in the am, and 2 in the pm)!!!! That's nearly 60 lbs in just a few short months!!! I feel AMAZING!!!Not only have I lost (and kept off!) copious amounts of body fat, but I feel much more energetic, sleep much better (and more regularly), have little to no PMS symptoms, my adult acne has become a thing of the past, my dead libido has come back with a VENGANCE, my periods come every 28 days right on schedule (for the first time in my LIFE!), and now, my fertility has improved (via hormones balancing out), and having children has now become a possibility!My mother (PCOS and pre-menopausal), sister (PCOS) and several friends with PCOS and weight issues have also begun taking this upon my advice and upon seeing my amazing results, and they have also seen AMAZING results with their weight loss and hormone issues!(**NOTE** I HAVE tried other brands of DIM, however NONE even come close to comparing to Nature's way! Don't waste your money on other brands! And, NO! I am in no way affiliated with Nature's way! Simply a VERY happy customer!!!)  