review/text: All I need is pink smoke and Barbara Eden to use this machine on me to make it any better. I'll give you a little back ground to start. I come from a family where most of its members are on the "fluffy" side of the weight scale. Given that genetic predisposition, my mother had surgery on her spine for a herniated disk. My sister has battled with a bulging disk problem for years and now I finally have been having some issues in the lower back region that don't seem to want to go away simply with chiropractic treatments. My chiropractor and my allopathic physician both said that the Sciatic pain was worthy of pain killers, anti-inflammatory, muscle relaxers and a round of steroids to help get me past the worst of my issues.Now that you have a basis of my situation I want to tell you that there were three things that saved me and my sanity. The first thing was my temper-pedic mattress and finding supportive ways to sleep. Before I was on the pain meds, that was the only place that I could find that was relatively pain free. The second is the McKenzie method. For those of you that aren't familiar and do Yoga, it's like the Sun Salutation position and for those that are Yoga Savvy; it's like doing a push up but leaving everything from your pelvis to your feet flat on the ground while looking up at the ceiling. The third thing was my Jeanie Rub Massager. This thing is SICK!!!!! (The good kind of sick). HOLY COW! Praise whatever god you prefer and sing it to the heavens, nirvana, Valhalla, etc.I got the variable speed model with the posts because I'm open to the idea of getting the attachments and to those of you that are debating on whether or not get the single speed or the variable. Get the variable. The few extra dollars is really important depending on which part of the body you are working on. For all those skinny folks out there, the boney areas are a little sensitive to the higher speeds. Now when you are working the thighs, bum and legs, crank that beast up to 11. Personally I like it on high the whole time, but many of the people I've used it on prefer variation depending on the area.I had been suffering for about 6 weeks by the time I got my Jeanie Rub Massager. I ordered it right before I attended an event in Atlanta over Labor Day weekend (Dragon*Con). For those that have not attended this convention, it takes place over four days and Five downtown Atlanta Hotels. It hosts around 40is thousand people and gets bigger every year. It caters largely to the science fiction and fantasy folks, but it has something from most areas of popular culture. This is the type of event that will have you up at 7 or 8 in the morning to get in line for your 10 AM panel and will keep you on your feet until well past midnight. As you might expect a person that is suffering from severe sciatic pain and has not had any pain killers yet, this would be challenging especially when you are toting a heavy camera bag/day supplies around with you for the whole event. When I got back to the hotel, I was almost to the point where I had to drag myself into my room with my tongue (because that was the only part of me that didn't scream with pain). One of the main things that drove me back to my hotel room, rather than sleeping on the streets of downtown Atlanta, was the promise of my Jeanie Rub Massager. I went to this event with my best friend and my sister. We took turns using the machine on each other and I tell you the people in the next room probably thought we were having some serious M&eacute;nage-A-Tois action every night. We were moaning with such pleasure, it would probably sound obscene to the passerby of our hotel room.*** Update It's been about 10/11 weeks since I've had the Jeanie Rub Massager and I'm soooooo much better. I can't give all of the credit to this machine, but it certainly helped me through some of the worst parts. I still have some sciatic pain, but the pain is much more localized in my upper butt cheek and having a session this little baby just makes the whole day better. Anyone that looks at the price tag and cringes at spending this much on a massager, believe me I can sympathize. I bought this machine when I was unemployed and had very little discretionary income. I needed a miracle and I think I found the best mechanized miracle money can buy. Go ahead and get it. You really won't regret it.  