review/text: This was an upgrade from the Braun TriControl, the Braun Flex XP 2 and the Norelco Reflex Plus 6. I also tried a Remington Micro Screen (twin head) as a replacement for my older Remington 700. On my thick one day beard the 8585 is substantialy quicker and smoother than the others. The 8585 actually feels good on my face and there's no pinching or irritation to speak of. Running my free hand firmly against the skin, just ahead of the shaver to stand the beard up, produces a shave that is as close as what you would get with a disposable twin bladed razor. But not as good as the premium two to four blade razors like Sensor and Mach 3. And even then, to get a smooth as silk face takes a LOT of time. I have to keep teasing the beard up with my free hand and keep going over and over the same spot. Eight to nine minutes later I will have a close as a blade shave. That is a lot of time and effort. Now if I'm in a hurry, in two to three minutes I can get a pretty good "go to work shave". It's on that type of shave that the 8585 excels. And as far as closeness goes, the Braun TriControl can actually give me a slightly closer shave but it takes a lot of time to do so and it's not nearly as comfortable.I like the way they isolated the vibration from the users hand. I have mild arthritis and the Flex XP is so buzzy that it's tiring to hold for a long time. The only down side I see is that you can't rinse the 8585 with water to clean it like you can with the TriControl and Flex shavers. To me the self-cleaning stand is just one more bother in my already cluttered world. So the bottom line is that it's a little smoother and much quicker than the lower line Brauns, (although I have not tried the Syncro System). And it feels absolutly fantastic on my skin, the Norelco was especially slow and harsh. But if you give the TriControl enough passes it cuts just as close and for a third of the money. But the 8585 can give you a decent shave in a couple of minutes while the other shavers take what seems like forever.All in all I like it but I would have prefered a cheaper version without the cleaning stand.  