review/text: I am 19 years old and I tried this product about six months ago. I have natural curves, but I wanted to lose some extra weight on top of my abs, on my obliques, and on my thighs. I started with just one pill before breakfast and one before lunch. I was eating fairly healthy and doing light exercise, and still I hardly saw any results. They made me feel nervous and at times, very sick to my stomach. I took each one with plenty of water, but I still got very jittery. I had several things happen to me that I was not a fan of.Pros of these pills:1. Slight weight loss (Due to water weight - these pills dehydrate you quite a bit.)Cons of these pills:1. Skyrocketing heart rate - I felt like my heart was going to beat right out of my chest.2. Extreme anxiety and paranoia - Sitting in class was very difficult and I felt like I needed to run out of the classroom every time.3. Lots of sweating - My palms were always sweaty and clammy.4. Bad breath - I found myself brushing my teeth five or six times a day, and I was still fighting the nasty smell and taste.5. Loss of sleep - Even when I just took one pill in the morning and one before lunch, my heart rate was much higher than normal, and it kept me from being able to fall asleep. For about a week I was up until four or five in the morning, and I usually try to go to sleep around eleven.6. Upset stomach - I took these with plenty of water and ate about 15 minutes after taking the pills, and while they curbed most of my appetite, they also made me sick to my stomach several times.7. MAJOR MOOD SWINGS - One minute I would be happy and bubbly and ready to go, but the next I would be either very sad or even angry. I would get frustrated with the people around me very easily. Little things that people would do just set me off for no reason. I was very angry a lot of the time even though I knew it was irrational.These pills are very dangerous and I do not recommend these for anyone. My roommate found that she had very similar effects to mine, and she stopped taking hers just a few days in. The slight weight loss that these bring is not at all worth the horrible feelings they give you. Read reviews before you ever try anything - if most of them are bad, then the product is probably bad! Please, please, please do not take these pills.  