review/text: I have trouble falling asleep and staying asleep. The best solution I had found before trying this product was the prescription medication Zolpidem (Ambien). However, I had been advised by my doctor that it can be addictive and often requires an increased dosage to continue to be effective. I also tried Sleep Aid, which you can get here on AmazonKirkland Signature Nighttime Sleep Aid (Doxylamine Succinate 25 mg), 96-Count Tablets (Pack of 2)or you can get directly from Costco. I also wrote a review on these, in which I explain that I found them to be surprisingly effective, but almost too powerful. They caused me to feel very groggy when it was time to get up and face the day.I tried this option at my doctor's suggestion (he suggested melatonin, not this particular brand, by the way). He told me that melatonin is something that the body produces naturally, but as we get older it tends to produce less of it, therefore making sleep more difficult. He suggested that I start out with one 3mg tablet, and if that didn't work, to increase it to two, and then if that didn't work, to try three, and if that didn't work, to forget it. Well, I never had to go past one 3mg tablet.I take one pill 30 minutes to an hour before I go to sleep. They do not "knock you cold" into a deep sleep, so if that is what you are after you'll be disappointed. But, for me, they do make me drowsy and make it easy for me to fall asleep. I am not so sure about the time released feature that this particular brand boasts, but they do tend to keep me asleep at just the right level. What I mean by this is if, for example, I had to break out of my sleep for whatever reason, it would be easy for me to do so. I suppose the best way to describe its effect is that it pushes you into a "normal" sleep pattern.Lastly, as other reviewers have written, taking them also makes me dream much more, thus it puts me into a deeper realm of sleep, thus allowing me to get a deeper state of rest. I do feel more rested after taking these than I do after taking Ambien.Keep in mind that this product, like most medications or supplements, will affect different people in different ways, so how they affected me may be quite different than how they affect you. But, nevertheless, I wanted to share my own experience in case it might help you make a purchasing decision. Good luck and I hope this helped!  