review/text: Being a very prodigious Amazon customer, I have bought hundreds of products: some great, some fairly wretched. Hardly any drive me to do a review. Just not my thing. I prefer to vote with my dollars. This product is an exception.I like to use safe household cleaners and environmentally friendly products. I love most BioKleen stuff (awesome laundry detergent) and use a few Method products as well.Simply stated (and after a lot of testing and comparisons): this stuff doesn't work. It may actually make the shower worse.Now let me state up front. My showers are not tile. I cannot speak for what this stuff may or may not do for tile showers. I have the white Americast-type showers.My major complaints are that it streaks everything and leaves a white residue that after a few uses I can actually use my finger to write messages on, like the "wash me"s on the parents car back in the day.The smell a lot complain about doesn't bother me. It's unique in its slightly overpowering way.I normally clean my showers every week and after several weeks of using this stuff I can state that (for me) the showers were worse than normal.I compared this to the Tilex and Scrubbing Bubbles product. I was starting to think that maybe none of these products would work for me. So I bought both and used one in one bathroom and one in the other.Obviously I would prefer to use a less-harsh product, but these worked where the Method one did not. Both products showed a marked improvement after 2 to 3 days and at the end of the week, there wasn't much point in my normal full scrubbing. I think I will be able to get away with monthly using these.I have seen in some of the reviews that this product was fairly recently reformulated. That may explain the disparity between older and newer reviews.A word to Method - naturally derived means nothing if the product doesn't work and although I truly, honestly appreciate the fact that you don't test on animals -- could you consider testing it on showers?  