review/text: I bought this toothbrush instead of the Sonicare because I have not found the Sonicare to be the best at removing plaque. Sonicare is very good at splashing toothpaste and saliva as one negotiates the vibrating brush around the mouth as one leaves the mouth slightly open to move the brush into new positions. I had to wear a towel, otherwise all of my shirts looked like I had bleach stains on them!The Oral B brush arrived in a box, in which something heavy inside moved around. Uh OH, I thought. And it was so. The packaging protection was non-existent. The toothbrush box was placed inside a bigger box, which allowed it to move from one end of the outside box to the other every time the angle would change. Well....some damage was apparent. The vibrating metal stem took some shocks and pieces were cracked or scarred. So I emailed the vendor.He was very cool: Dan Bellino,Sales Manager,Direct Websites/ DAB NutritionHello Dan!He was extremely supportive, not requiring proof, or accusing me of constructing stories. Now the toothbrush did work with some action, but I had no idea of the long term effect of the vibration experience the toothbrush had in getting to me, or how it would effect the life of the toothbrush.I was shipped a new toothbrush in short order, with a pre-paid return label for the damaged one.Therefore as far as experiencing damaged shipment and receiving excellent handling and treatment, I wish to thank Dan for his effort and help.Now as to the toothbrush itself.I have read here on this website that some people think it is noisy. I consider it not terribly noisy, but I do have clean shirts after I brush my teeth. I have had it only a month, but battery charging is not rocket science. These batteries have memory, so I recommend at least once a month just unplugging the charger and let the tooth brush battery get low. The LCD display is not visible while brushing, it is true, but I don't worry about features that don't get in the way, as unfortunately it is with Microsoft products. I do experience cleaner teeth, that is an emotional judgement based upon my tongue and sensations in my mouth. Time will tell all when I visit my dentist in three months!In summary, the toothbrush works as it is advertised to work, as I have experienced for about a month. Long term experience I cannot evaluate. Many people are concerned about the cost. My answer to this is that electric toothbrushes of any kind are a far better alternative than hand held toothbrushes, and this translates into teeth that last a lot longer. Investing $100 in teeth is nothing compared to the other bills sucking at my income, including the dental fees. I have a toothless 90 year old father to observe, and I "hope" my efforts will leave me with teeth when I am his age thirty years from now, so I don't have to eat mashed potatoes all of the time.  