review/text: I've owned Norelco, Remington, Braun, Panasonic, and Wahl. Of the lot, the Wahl has provided the closest shave with the greatest comfort. It has also been the most durable. It's beginning to show its age now, so I probably will replace it soon, but after more than 10 years of reliable service, it's still chugging along. I'm down to the last of three screens that came with the unit. The trimmer still works. The charger "stand"--a cheap little device that relied on gravity to make the electrical contact--never really worked well. I got tired of messing with it and just plugged the cord directly into the shaver. That worked fine for about 6 years, until the contacts in the plug loosened to the point wherein they wouldn't work reliably. I cut the plug off and replaced it with a couple of crimp-style splice connectors, which I tightly crimped onto the cord but crimped only enough to make a snug fit on the shaver contacts. I've been running it that way for the past 4 years, and it works great.If that seems like a lot of fuss to endure for a shaver I've given a 5-star rating, here's a bit of context that should help to explain. The other shavers I've used have never given me more than a few years of service before they died. Their biggest consistent deficiency was failure to hold a charge; with no way to connect the power cord directly to the shaver, that's the end of the shaver's useful life. While they did function, none had ALL of the Wahl's advantages. Some were comfortable but didn't shave closely enough; or shaved closely but ravaged my face; or didn't have a trimmer; or pulled the hairs (OUCH!); or the screen was too fine or prone to clogging. The Wahl is the only shaver that had the best of all those features, and still provided a cord configuration that enabled me to keep the doggone thing running...and it's still running!So, if you're not inclined to futz with a power cord, fair enough; deduct 4 years from my 10 years of reported usage, and there's your basis of comparison. Of course, it has been 10 years or more since I tried any of the other shavers. Maybe they've all improved in that time...even the Wahl. But based on my experience with the venerable old shaver I'm still using, when it finally dies, I'll buy another Wahl with confidence.  