review/text: I (Jeanine's husband) had read the reviews of the other foil/cutter sets that are much cheaper and they were described as being after market junk. This one was priced the same as official Braun foil/cutter sets, so I reasoned that it will probably be the same as a real Braun foil/cutter set. I was shocked when I opened the box and there was an aftermarket set. At least it was in a blister pack and not loose in the box.Another disappointment is that my original foil holder was broken and I needed a new one. I ordered a new one from another seller on Amazon, another $10. When I opened the box for this foil/cutter set, the foil is already inside a new foil holder! Not as pictured!!! So not only did I spend almost 3 times as much for the set (as opposed to the other sellers), I also spent an additional $10 for a holder that was not necessary.I think the search for official Braun replacements for our beloved 2000 series may be at an end. I have not tried this new set yet, so I can't comment on its performance. 1/30/13EDIT: (2/1/13) I added some customer shots. Also I noticed that in the top description of the product it says "Foil is stamped 420/U." It has no stamp on it at all. 420/U is stamped on the original Braun in the picture I posted. I hope all 5 pictures I took will be posted.EDIT: (2/3/13) First I will say that the foil is very smooth and shiny. No defects. Also the blade looks good. I have used it twice, and it broke. In the pictures I posted, you can see the plastic rivets. As expected, they didn't hold up and the reinforcement bar popped right off. Since it shaved nicely and I need it, I'm not sure whether to repair it myself or send it back.Update (2/13/13) I contacted Amazon about replacement of the broken foil. They contacted Shavers.com. who then sent me a very apologetic email with the choice of replacement or refund. I chose a replacement which came in just a couple days. The replacement is the same quality as the other. As I pointed out before, the foil is smooth with a nice sheen and the cutter seems very sharp. I think the manufacturer may have the same molds that Braun used and the same foils. They need to melt the plastic rivets to hold the foils in place. I applied a hot iron to the plastic rivets to flatten them and I think they will hold. The shave is good. I gave another star for the company's excellent response, and another star for the good shave I'm getting from the repaired foil.  