review/text: I decided to try a bottle and two weeks into it, I lost 7-8 lbs and my co-workers noticed the difference. I did not experience the extreme side effects like others said they did, such as jitters, having to go all the time, breaking out, etc., but I did go more often and my stomach would growl every now and then, without me feeling hungry, which is probably the fat-burning ingredients in effect. I believe it did suppress my appetite and gave me extra energy due to the caffeine boost, but this will work as good as you keep up with a regimen of exercise and good diet. Otherwise, popping the pill in your mouth and expecting results will certainly not help. Speaking of popping the pill, I only took one a day and then increased my dosage to a maximum three times a day, which is actually half the prescribed dose because I believe the recommended dosage was 2 pills three times a day (6 pills daily!), which I thought was way too much for me because I started feeling those effects at even 2-3 pills per day, which was my max. Now, I'm glad I only took half the dose, and I gave it only three stars despite thinking it does work because the FDA recently alerted the consumer public that this product is related to liver damage or even failure, one being death. So even though it hasn't been formally banned, there's a recent FDA alert out on it so I did stop taking it, despite thinking it works, otherwise I would have given it 5 stars if I knew it was considered safe by the FDA or FDA-approved. Here's the article for your reference:http://www.cnn.com/2009/HEALTH/05/01/hydroxycut.fda.recall/index.htmlI'm surprised that there are still links to buy the product out there despite FDA warnings, but again, it has not been formally banned, yet. When I stopped using it I started getting a few headaches, and it probably was because of the caffeine dependency I built on it (if you note on the bottle the daily value for many of its ingredients is not established). I guess what it boils down to is that there hasn't been a real miracle out there that is proven SAFELY to help you lose weight other than diet, discipline, and even a little exercise.  