review/text: I have some really nice reading glasses around that still have glass lenses in them. I plan on keeping them as long as my eyes don't deteriorate more, (which they haven't in over 20 years). That means nursing them for as long as possible with repairs and replacement parts. This kit looks to be as good as it gets here on Amazon, (and definitely superior to what I can find locally in stores). The screw driver is of a nice furled design that opens up and has both a slotted and phillips head on either end, and a fitting that holds the little nuts as well. It holds and turns the screws as easily as possible in dealing with ones so small. In fact I have never used such a small screwdriver that had a phillips head that fit so tightly into the screws on my glasses. It's been a perfect fit on all the ones I have used it on so far. As far as this kits variety trust me when I tell you that no matter what kind of hardware combo you have, there is a replacement one in this set. Most of the screws are slotted, but others have a solid head that utilizes a pressure system for those repairs that are either hard to fit, or where the screw slots have just been worn over time. I really don't know how well they work for I have not as of yet had any need for them. But I know that they will be a good last resort repair if all else fails, and also know that the slotted screws can easily be stripped at times no matter how careful we are. Also, for what it's worth I did not have the problem with all the little pieces being strewn about upon arrival like so many other reviewers here have complained about. Perhaps by this date they have read enough of the reviews themselves and learned to just seal the case for shipping like mine was. Or maybe I just got lucky. In any event, all parts arrived intact and where they were supposed to be.In conclusion, these kits are pretty scarce in stores, and usually one has little choice in the matter as to the brand and size, etc. Even on Amazon there is not a large selection of them to write home about. Trust me when I tell you this is the most complete, and as good as it gets for repairs without dropping your glasses off at a shop. Great set, good price, and highly recommended...  