review/text: Some of the reviews here are unfair. With vitamins of this type, it usually takes a few months (plural) to see results with you hair. This is a supplement, meaning that it is meant to supplement deficiencies in your diet. If someone is experiencing increased hair-shedding, hair loss, or slower than usual growth, then they need to consult a doctor because it could be something else (i.e. birth control, stress, a weight loss diet...) contributing to the hair problems. Honestly, if something is affecting your hair there is probably more going on, on your inside so get checked out.This vitamin works very well for me. I switched to another brand for 6 months and really wish that I hadn't. I only switched brands because the competitor was offering a buy an X-month supply, get X months free deal (and yes, I still wish I stayed loyal to Futurebiotics). I am not an expert on vitamins by any means, but I really feel when compared to all others I have tried, my body ABSORBS this blend of vitamins better (a vitamin is not any good if your body does not absorb it. Prior to this, I would only take powdered supplements but those tend to include excess calories).I feel that this vitamin helped contribute to my hair growth from a short pixie cut to shoulder length in less than one year. It also helped combat the post-partum shedding I experienced after I stopped nursing. Unfortunately, in the last few months, my growth rate has slowed (uncommon for me in the summer). I discussed my growth rate with my doctor at my annual physical/labs last month. My labs revealed in an iron and vitamin D deficiency (both in this supplement, not 100% though). My doctor encouraged me to switch back to my previous supplement (this) and add an additional supplement of vitamin D.This supplement includes horsetail, which is great for growth. The B group - which is great for not only growth but energy metabolism as well. Vitamin D (helps support bone health, mood). This is a quality hair vitamin, that also works as a multi-vitamin. This is only my opinion, and yes I really feel people should consult their doctor first...but I feel these vitamins work very well and I will continue taking these for as long as they are made.  