review/text: This has made a huge difference in my life!! I keep telling others about it, but I can't even get my husband to try it. It works!! It took a couple months of consistent use for me to finally get rid of the back pain I have had for years. I would suggest also buying a book on Trigger point therapy. I bought two: The Trigger Point Therapy Workbook: Your Self-Treatment Guide for Pain Relief, Second Edition (Paperback)by Clair Davies and Trigger Point Therapy for Headaches & Migraines: Your Self-Treatment Workbook for Pain Relief (Paperback) Valerie Delaune (Author) . What I have gleaned from these is that you have to learn about your own body. For me, I can trigger migraines when too aggressive in my neck and head and can only use my hands lightly for these. The back buddy I use for my shoulders and back and use ice afterwards when the pain is more acute, its a learning process. I want to emphasize this, we are all different and you need to find what works for you, how much pressure, how long to hold the trigger point, how often to use the Backbuddy etc. The book is great because many times the trigger point is NOT where the pain is. After sitting for 2 months, when I was off work due to back pain and migraines, I ended up with some low back pain and some leg pain that also responded fairly quickly to the trigger point therapy since it had not been chronic. Acute pain ( new onset) may respond quicker than pain you have had for a long time. What I am dealing with now is because I stopped using the back buddy for 6-8 weeks at the end of the year because I had no pain, and my migraines had stopped!! yeah, but they came back, so like I said this is a process of learning about your own body. I guess I need to use the back buddy for maintenance when not having pain. Now, one month after the migraines started up again, and the back pain, the migraines have decreased considerably, but I still have many tender trigger points on my back. I was originally using the backbuddy for 30-60 secs for each trigger point when I first bought it August of 2009. This time I did not want to trigger a migraine since I was so tender, and started with 10 seconds. The books state 10- 60 seconds. I am now doing maybe 10-20 seconds and it seems enough. Another important point from the book is if pain is only on one side of your body you need to use the back buddy on BOTH sides. One of the books also states the trigger point should not be over a 7/10 pain with the back buddy- lighten up if too intense of a pain. After 3 months off and returning to work last year , my feet also hurt and I had a muscle at the side of my knee / calf that felt like I pulled it and hurt frequently. It took a couple months, but this pain also went away and the Trigger Point Therapy Workbook was necessary to know where the trigger points are for these areas. Now, I just go across my shoulders, down my spine and under my scapula and any other area on my back that is sore. Low back pain though has trigger points in buttocks and hips that the book really helped with identifying.I have waited 6 months to write a review, so I could give a thorough review. I have had Migraines for about 20 years, they probably started earlier but were not frequent. I always had headaches, so did my Mom and sister. After working as a nursing assistant for 4 1/2 years after high school then another 30 years as an RN, I did manage to protect my low back, which is a common back problem, however my upper back, neck and shoulders ache. I have gone to massage for about 10 years and just tried to manage the migraines and ignore the back pain, not realizing how much ignoring the pain would be an issue. Finally last year, it became so bad I literally could not move without starting a migraine. Just standing up, going to the kitchen made the pain go from a 2 to 6/10 and taking a shower made it go to a level 10/10 pain. I ended up in Physical therapy for 2 months which helped me identify the cause of the pain which was just lifting my right arm. My whole time in Physical therapy was spent on relaxing the muscles with me having to ask for exercise after the first month, when my Doctor asked how much I could lift etc. I always thought physical therapy was about exercising, but my muscles were too tight I guess and they spent the time trying to relax my muscles. the first exercise I tried, I could feel the pain down my neck and down my back when I lifted my arm and pulled down with resistance.One physical therapist did spinal mobilization which helped me a lot, but its difficult to find someone trained in this. On my last day, I asked how I was going to manage the pain. It was better but not totally gone, and my massage therapist said my muscles felt so much better, but I could still feel the pain. The physical therapist suggested the theracane, and when I searched this on Amazon the Back Buddy came up also. This has made a HUGE difference in my life !! It is not expensive and even the books I mentioned are not expensive I especially recommend the first book Trigger Point Therapy Workbook, . The Backbuddy is supposed to come with instructions, but mine came with nothing and I looked it up online and the information that comes with the Backbuddy is very minimal. I think the book is essential to understanding Trigger Point therapy and how to use it to manage your pain. The books actually arrived a day or two before the backbuddy which gave me time to read first. Even though I ordered it all at the same time and I have Amazon Prime , I could not get support to understand all the products should have the same arrival date :) It worked out ok anyway. Now I am looking at The Original Backnobber II for travel ( it comes apart ). I use the point on the Backbuddy that points inward. I like this more than the round one and the Backnobber II only has the round ends, but it may be better than nothing. The Backbuddy is a bit large for travel, depending on where you are going. Hope this review helps, The backbuddy has been a lifesaver for me and I wish I had know about it years ago! I am using it in the morning and in the evening while I watch TV :)  