review/text: as far as electric toothbrushes go, this is a good deal. don't bother with those really cheap ones they have now (like the spinbrush, etc.)i tried a friend's new sonicare (the kind that squeezes out crest liquid toothpaste through the brush) and i liked it better. it just seemed faster to me and possibly a better clean, though i didn't care for the liquid toothpaste thing. so i got this one to save money.the good - it's simple. put the toothpaste on and go. only 2 settings - regular and sensitive. you shouldn't need sensitive unless you're brushing your tongue. the charger is simple and perfect. the brushes change color to indicate use. when the color is halfway gone, you buy new brushes. simple and perfect. i hate stupid gimmicks! which brings me to..bad - i hate the stupid quadrant timer. i've been brushing since i was a child, you think i need my toothbrush telling me how long to brush????? there's no "off" button to turn this feature off. so every 30 seconds the toothbrush stops working for a second and vibrates. useless and annoying to me. then after 2 minutes it vibrates 4 times to tell me to stop brushing, because i'm too stupid to make my own decisions. look, if i want to brush for 2 1/2 or 3 minutes, is that a crime?? leave me alone, toothbrush! i know when i'm done!good - cleans pretty well, though not as good as the radius toothbrush (this is an angled brush with a huge head and a lot of bristles). the head can reach around to those "hard to reach" places. it does not require much pressure to brush. it doesn't require using a lot of toothpaste.bad - the head is too small, therefore it takes longer to brush than i care for.summary - 3 stars. i prefer it to a normal-sized manual brush but not the radius toothbrush. just because something is electric doesn't make it better, just like electric razors are not necessarily any better, and often much worse, than a manual razor. the radius is a whole new world of brushing - it feels weird at first but you get used to it. it's fast and highly effective. just my opinion, i say go for a sonicare if you want an electric and can afford one, but if you want an electric and are looking to save money, this is a reliable product.  