review/text: First of all, when I received this a few months ago, the tweezers wouldn't touch because the rubberized grippers were too thick. After I slid a nail file between the grippers a few times, the tweezers worked fine (if you do this, be careful not to file too much, as you don't want the metal visible). I was a little worried that the machine would make beeps or other loud noises (I have a dog who becomes obsessed with noises) but it's quiet and doesn't make any beeping noises (the only real noise is the sound of the foot pedal which I use on the table in front of me and push down with my other hand). As for the actual electrolysis part of it, it seems to work. They recommend you read the instructions carefully before using it and I feel this is a must! Before I got the machine I figured I could hold a hair with tweezers for a minute or longer, no problem. However, after using the machine, I've realized that you have to grab the hair very close to the skin (and oftentimes I end up electrocuting my skin because of this, even though that is not recommended) and you have to use a special conduction gel (included, though I added some saline solution to it to make it more liquid) in order to actually get the electricity to enter into the hair follicle. You need a very steady hand and it seems that, if you don't feel any kind of sensation, you probably are not holding the hair in the correct place. However, you can also get too much sensation and end up burning / blistering your skin. This machine is apparently also used by professionals and can be used with the electrolysis needles (though it says you have to have a license in order to use it with the needles - which are not included). And after using the machine, I now understand why electrolysis is expensive and time consuming. Your hand easily gets cramped after holding the tweezers for some time, so I've resorted to paying my niece who's in her teens to come and do it on me. =) Also, beware of the plugs for the tweezers and patch cords become loose... If left that way, I think they'd lose their current but I applied gorilla glue around them and that has helped keep them in place.I probably wouldn't really recommend this to a friend, just because I don't think most of my friends would really commit to using it, so it would be a waste of their money. If I were to do it again, I'd probably try one of those laser hair removal machines that you can also buy online (but for two to three times the price) because I would like to try them to see if they work any better / easier. If you do get this, it seems to be easiest to use it at a table or desk. I had been thinking I could maybe do it while watch TV but that is practically impossible for me to do. All in all, it works but takes tons of time and lots of effort and you only really get it through trial and error. If you have the money, go for it. If you can't really afford it, I'd probably just stick to waxing and individual tweezing. =) Keep in mind that the laser hair removal things seem to have gotten better reviews than this though. =)  