review/text: I have been happily using Braun shavers for over 20 years. My model 6520 Ultra Speed is stiil going strong. I mention this for a couple of reasons: 1) I am a fan of Braun; 2) I have owned various models and thus can compare new models to the older versions.Here's my take on the 8585 Activator: JUNK!First, the shaver is way too wide. It's difficult to get a good grip on it -- very few rubber contact pads -- and your hand fatigues more easily. Compared to my Braun 6520 (slim and elegant), this new model is a tank (big and unwieldy).Second, it's LOUD! Way too loud. No way to start the day.Third, there's nothing special about the way it shaves. I saw no material difference between the Activator and my five year old Braun. Granted, every man's beard is different, so your results may be different.Finally, build quality and features. I don't think Braun is building the same high quality shavers of yesteryear. Too much plastic. The locking feature (designed to prevent your shaver from turning on while in your suitcase) is nowhere in the same league as prior models. I wouldn't trust it. Then there's the cleaning program. You either use a brush or Braun's new clean and charge stand. You can't clean it in the sink like you can with a Panasonic wet/dry shaver. Personally, I think that the Braun cleaning system is more about sellling cleaning cartridges than providing a significantly better shave. Braun (owned by Gillette) has cleverly gotten you to pay big bucks for an electric shaver, then get you to buy a new cleaning cartridge every month. That's akin to buying new blades month after month. I've used a brush for years and never had a problem.I returned this Activator and have since picked up a Panasonic Linear shaver. I'm very happy with it. Gives an excellent, super close shave -- wet or dry. It's compact and easy to grip. And the best part, you can clean the blades right in the sink, and you can shave in the shower using shave cream. Now, I know that may sound like heresy, but brother, once you try it, you'll be amazed.So to sum up. I am still a Braun man at heart, but their new models are a step down in my book. Way down. With a little web surfing you can get a top of the line Panasonic shaver for under a $100 bucks. Worth a try!  