review/text: As far as its intended purpose of household cleaning, this product works fine. But in terms of its primary, advertised virtue, that it is a safe, healthy, all-natural product, it simply does not live up to that claim on two main counts.The first problem is that this product contains fragrance. I was really unhappy to discover that this product isn't solely scented with essential oils, as the product's advertising leads consumers to believe. Here are the ingredients listed on the product itself: "Calcium Carbonate, Sodium Carbonate Peroxide, Hydrated Silica, Fragrance*, Lavandula Angustifolia (Lavender) Oil, Citrus Aurantium Dulcis (Orange) Peel Oil, Cocamidopropyl Betaine, Sodium Laureth Sulfate."Notice that it has the word, "fragrance," listed before the "lavender oil" and "orange oil." This means there is more fragrance than oil. "Fragrance" is a term for synthetically derived, aromatic smell that manufacturers add to all kinds of household products and toiletries. Notice also that the word "essential" is missing in describing the lavender and orange oil. That omission is quite odd if these really are "essential" oils, since using supposed essential oils is a huge selling point for this product. It makes me wonder if even these oils are, in fact, synthetically derived.Below are two examples of ad copy from the Mrs. Meyer's website which are clearly geared toward convincing consumers that there is nothing but wholesome, safe, essential oils supplying this product's aroma:Ad Copy No. 1: "Mrs. Meyer's Clean Day makes aromatherapeutic household cleaners, laundry care and baby products in the garden-fresh scents of Basil, Lavender, Lemon Verbena, Geranium and Baby Blossom. Our products combine hardworking, naturally occurring ingredients and essential oils that are tough on dirt, yet gentle on your home and the earth. Biodegradable and packaged in recyclable bottles, our products are ammonia-, chlorine bleach-, paraben- and phosphate-free; they are never tested on animals."The word "aromatherapeutic" is commonly used by sellers of essential oils to indicate that smelling them is healing to the body. True aromatherapy only occurs when one holds a pure essential oil to one's nose or diffuses it in the air very carefully so that no other scents or substances other than essential oil enter the nose or lungs. Unfortunately, this cleansing product contains a lot more in it than just essential oils (if it even contains them at all, which is up for debate), many of which are anything but healthy when humans and their pets inhale them. In particular, no one should ever be sniffing anything with the silica powder this product has in it--you can get a lung disease known as silicosis (AKA Potter's rot) if you get it in your lungs regularly. And artificial fragrances, which this product abounds with, are comprised of noxious combinations of neurotoxic chemicals. According to a report by the Committee on Science & Technology, U.S. House of Representatives, Sept. 16, 1986: "95% of chemicals used in fragrances are synthetic compounds derived from petroleum. They include benzene derivatives, aldehydes and many other known toxics and sensitizers capable of causing cancer, birth defects, central nervous system disorders and allergic reactions." In particular, if you have a child with asthma, this product is especially problematic--for a person with that condition, this product is not much safer than spraying your house withFebrezeorGlade.Ad Copy No. 2: "Mrs. Meyer's Clean Day Household Cleaners make cleaning your home fresh, fun, and fragrant. All of our cleaners are made with natural essential oils, are biodegradable and phosphate-free, and we never test on animals. Whether you use our All Purpose Cleaner (good for just about everything) our Dish Soap (cuts grease like nobody's business), or any of our other cleaning supplies, you'll find our products are good for your house, your nose, and the environment."The emphasis on this product being "made with natural essential oils" implies that there nothing in the product providing a "fresh, fun and fragrant" experience but essential oils. Fortunately, in this copy at least, there isn't a claim that the product is "therapeutic."Here is what Mrs. Meyer's customer service wrote back to me about the fragrance in this product: "With the exception of our newest Rosemary and Bluebell fragrances, which do contain 100% essential oils, our fragrances are a proprietary combination of natural essential oils and synthetic fragrance ingredients...."The word, "proprietary," is a convenient shield to hide behind to stave off consumers who want to find out what is actually in a product which might potentially harm them. I also looked up the ingredients on the "rosemary" products on the Mrs. Meyer's website, and it is true, they don't seem to include fragrance. However, the "bluebell" products do list "fragrance (natural)" in their ingredients. So this company actually sells only one product line that is scented only with essential oils--and it is not this one.The second major problem with this product is that it contains sodium laureth sulfate. SLS is a very dangerous chemical that is, at the least, irritating to skin, eyes and lungs. At the worst, it can cause permanent eye damage in children and toxicity of the liver because it can only with extreme difficulty be metabolized by the liver and removed from the body. It is normally used in products like soaps and shampoos as a surfactant, a substance that allows water to wash away oil and dirt. It also has foaming and thickening properties. There is no real need for it in this product, however, because it also contains cocamidopropyl betaine, a surfactant that comes from coconut oil and is far less toxic than SLS. (Though some people can still get contact dermatitis from it.)If you are looking for a safe, natural cleansing powder, you are far better off using a product likeBon Ami. It contains only 5 simple, natural ingredients and no scent of any kind: limestone (calcium carbonate), feldspar (any of a group of crystalline minerals that consist of aluminum silicates with either potassium, sodium, calcium, or barium and that are an essential constituent of nearly all crystalline rocks), biodegradable cleaning agents (alkyl polyglucoside, a mild surfactant base derived from a reaction involving cornstarch, glucose, and a natural fatty alcohol called decyl polyglucose), soda ash (sodium carbonate), and baking soda (sodium bicarbonate).I also usebaking sodafor scrubbing in the kitchen and bath. Unfortunately, our kitchen sinks are porcelain, and it is not always strong enough for removing stains on that kind of surface. However, it works just fine if you have a stainless steel sink, and if I ever have that kind of sink again, I will return to using only baking soda along with white vinegar. They are inexpensive, found in any grocery store, and very effective. They both also act to deodorize as well as clean.  