review/text: I severely sprained my ankle and after the initial healing my middle toes started to bother me. It felt like they were being pushed forward and were hitting the front of my shoes. I had pain along my toes to the middle of my foot.I finally went to the doctor and he ruled out a fracture. He explained that in the same way your arches can fall so can the natural arch formed between the joints of your toes. He recommended insoles with a metatarsal pad built in.I ordered these but couldn't wait for them to arrive so I made one with silicon. I squirted a blob on a piece of plastic bag, laid another piece on top and stepped on it lightly to let it take the form of my foot's metatarsal area. Then I let it dry. This silicon pad worked. Placing it in the right location was the key. It gave me relief right away and my foot started to improve.The real pads arrived and they are a bit softer gel. One side has a surface that stays sticky so it adheres to the foot better, too. Again, the key is placing it in just the right place then you put your sock on without allowing it to shift. With a shoe on it stays in place all day without shifting.The real pads are softer then my homemade jobs and stay in place better but they are way over priced. I'm sure they only cost pennies to make and ship. If you are not sure these are what you need try making your own first, with a blob of silicon.15/09/12I used this Gel Cell for quite a few months and experienced relief. The trick is placing it on the sweet spot, which is lower then in the picture. However, I found something that may have cured me! I bought a pair Crocs style shoes at a department store but they have massage soles - like these: http://www.amazon.com/adidas-Santiossage-Slide-Black-Running/dp/B0007PNAHS/ref=sr_1_5?ie=UTF8&qid;=1347754901&sr;=8-5&keywords;=massage+sandalsThey hurt my feet the first day and a half but then I noticed a change. Its like they restored circulation to where it was needed. Now I keep a pair by my bed to put on when I first get up. They take that swollen feeling away after a few steps. It also helps to walk heal - toe. Sometimes I just put them on and walk around heal - toe as a sort of therapy. I'm not totally cured yet but I feel 90% better. I still use the Gel Cell with certain footwear under certain conditions but I haven't experienced real bad metatarsalgia discomfort since I started using the massage soles.  