review/text: When I bought these diapers I was new to cloth diapering. I have had these diapers for about 9 months. At first I really loved them. They seemed really absorbent and seemed very soft when we first got them. I had looked at an organic one size AIO but thought these would be better because the fleece was so soft. Also these were a couple dollars more a peice (though, at pinstripes and polkadots they give you a discount--the more you buy the more you save). It was very important to me to have a one size and an all in one diaper as this seemed the most economical to me.I read the reviews and most people seemed to like these. I did read one review that said these diapers stink, which I didn't understand. I thought as long as you washed them the correct way it would be fine. So, unfortunately, I put all my eggs into one basket and ordered 15 of these diapers. And like I said they were good at first. But then they started to stink, which I thought was fine, I could simply strip them and get rid of the smell. No such luck. Every time I strip them, the shorter the time in between stripping them gets. And it is SUCH a pain to do this.Lately I have been talking to more and more people about why my diapers stink so much. Apparently, the thing that drew me to the diapers the most--the microfiber--is the thing that does these in the most. For some reason because this is a synthetic material it holds on to bacteria and the fact that the pads in it are so thick (and absorbent) it traps the bacteria between all the layers of fleece and microfiber. They stink and do not wash clean!Also, if you want that softness of the fleece up against your babies bottom, I understand. This helps to wick away the wetness so babies don't get rashes. I have two points about the fleece--if you want it for softness, after you wash them a million times (as you have to with diapers) the fleece really won't be any softer than the organic material in the other diapers. And in fact the organic material gets SOFTER with washes. The other point is that if you want it there to wick away the moisture from baby's bottom, you can buy liners or even just purchase some fleece at the fabric store and cut it to shape into baby's diaper.I don't usually write reviews--but I rely upon them so much. If you want a one size AIO diaper go for the bG Organic instead. I totally wish I would have bought these before spending over 300 dollars on these diapers. Don't get stuck with stinky diapers like I am!  