review/text: After trying a couple of servings of a greens powder I picked up at on a whim and having great results I decided to make a greens supplement a regular part of my diet. I researched all the ones listed on here on Amazon, and a two others provided by the "General" health food store. After reading all the reviews, and trying four of these supplements over the last 60 days, I have decided that Vibrant Health's Green Vibrance is the winner by a mile.Heath claims are accurate!- Unbelievably my heart arrhythmia has subsided! Maybe due to Green Vibrance providing trace nutrients I had not been getting.- Felt happier with better outlook. Sharper at work with better memory, attention, and accuracy.- Arthritis pain subsiding. My arthritis sometimes hurts so badly at night that it keeps me awake. I have had a lot less pain since I started taking the Green Vibrance and I may add the Joint Health and see if it gets even better.- Sleep really well! I have really come to appreciate how valuable a good night's sleep is to my health and wellbeing. I drink my serving of Green Vibrance and take 4 gel caps of fish oil and a 3mg Melatonin and I sleep like a baby. I realized something had changed drastically when I woke up and realized I had slept the whole night through without interruption! A miracle! Now I often wake rested and ready to go even before my alarm goes off.- Lots of energy during the day. I was reaching a point where I was REALLY tired in the late afternoon and was truly struggling to get through the rest of the day. After 60 days of taking this I have more energy than I have had in a long time. I exercise at lunchtime. I am getting more things done at home and at work.Some other things to note.- CAUTION!!!! I had read the reviewer who cautioned that this supplement has a lot of iron. I need a lot of iron so that is fine with me, but the "version" I got also has 1000 IU of vitamin D per serving. Vitamin D in large doses can be toxic and I had planned on taking this twice a day until I felt really healthy again. Please be cautious and read the ingredients carefully! One of the reasons I chose this supplement over others was the very detailed listing of ingredients and nutrient levels so I was clear on exactly what I was consuming. Many of these greens powders manufacturers wanted me to be happy with listing "xxxx grams of a proprietary greens mixture". Sorry not good enough! I want to know EXACTLY what you are selling me. I was especially impressed that Vibrant Health even tells me how many billions of each pro-biotic strain are included in each serving (I keep getting a picture of some scientist looking through a microscope and counting each one, Ha ha ha).- THE TASTE - ok yes, it tastes like you blended some grass and dirt together, but I really like that there is no artificial crap in there to make it taste better. For awhile I added it to 1 cup milk, 4 large frozen strawberries, 2 raw eggs and some stevia in the blender as my breakfast and it's delicious! Even my 8 year old picky eater said it tasted good after he got over the fact that Mommy's' strawberry smoothie was greenish-gray. Now I just mix it with cup of orange juice and cup water and use it to wash down my pills before bed. Tastes fine that way. (For those of you who said it almost made you vomit, you should try a spoonful of cod liver oil! Eweewwie! I wanted to wash my tongue off with dish detergent after one spoonful, and it was even the orange flavored!)In summary, this stuff is amazing and I really think it may have saved me. I now have it in automatic ship every 60 days and it only costs $38 that way. Only $19/month for all those benefits is terrific! Thank you SO much Vibrant Health!  