review/text: I've been using this daily for several months, along with an additional 2 grams a day each of chlorella and spirulina (the perfect food has these ingredients, but I'm taking extra). So I've been taking green supplements for a few months now.Good things I've noticed:My digestion is better. I have had problems that fiber and various probiotics were not really fixing, for some reason this seemed to mostly remedy the issue. My digestion is back to what it was before I did a couple of courses of antibiotics.Energy. I'm not so much manic and full of energy, but if I have a poor nights sleep I function better the next day than in the past. I think I need an hour less sleep a day on these products. Normally I need 7-8 to feel rested, I seem to get by fine with 6-7 now. If I only sleep 4-5 hours I still am able to function in the day with less fatigue than in the past. I don't get as fatigued as I used to.Things I didn't notice:Skin is no better (I'm in my 30s, so maybe that is expected). Same with hair, no difference.I still get sick. A bad case of bronchitis was working its way around the office, I got it anyway. This alone didn't stop it. In the past large doses of vitamin D helped me stop getting infections, I need to go back on that.Mood. I do a lot of things to work with my moods, I don't know if I can say perfect food did anything in and of itself.All in all it is a good product since I don't normally eat vegetables. The best way to 'get it down' is to mix it with 8oz of milk and a scoop of protein powder in the blender, then drink it through a straw. This stuff does taste bad, and if you can't find a way to get it down you may end up puking it back up. So find a recipe that works for you and is easy to make each day. I've even thought of doing a modified 'juice fast' using my milk/protein/perfect food beverage instead of juiced greens. I think 5-6 servings a day of this for a few weeks could help clean me out.I've noticed a lot of the green juice supplements in grocery stores are basically just fruit juice with a tiny amount of greens. This stuff is far more diverse and healthy (ie it isn't 80% apple and pineapple juice with a hint of greens for tint). It is an amalgam of various superfoods and health products. So I'm glad I started using this instead. Plus it is cheaper, less than a dollar a serving.Edited: 12/3. That bronchitis that was going around work seems to have been pneumonia. Several people have been sick for weeks while I was only sick for a few days. I don't know if you can attribute that to this product, but at the very least I wasn't nearly as sick as some of the people I work with.Also I have noticed when I run out of this stuff or leave it at a family members house, I crave it if I'm not eating it. I'm sure that is a good sign because my body craves the micronutrients in it, it isn't the same as a craving for red meat or sugar, but it is a craving nonetheless. Since amazon's price is currently about $50, I bought it from another online vendor for $38 and have been counting down the days until it gets here (should be in tomorrow).  