review/text: I'd had this Philips/Norelco beard trimmer for about 10 years and the rechargeable battery finally quit -- whey they make these things so you can't put in a new battery is beyond me -- and it was perfect. It had a rotatable rubberized wraparound knob below the trimmer guide with 10 numeric settings and a little window numbered 1 thru 10 with a pointer to tell you what setting you were on. In 10 years, it never needed oiling. The cutting top flipped open on a hinge to make it easy to brush out. It had a great little recharging stand with a little pocket to hold the cleaning brush.I was appalled to find out that Norelco beard trimmers have changed so much they're unrecognizable and absent most of the features I liked. So I found this model by Remington and I'm happy to report it does everything the Norelco did. Instead of 10 settings for the trimming guide to control beard length after trimming, it has 14, but I can get used to that easily enough. It has a little thumb wheel with numbers on it to change the height of the trimming guide -- I can get used to that, too. It's permanently lubricated as my old Norelco was, so it will never need oiling.I've used it and it works great. As with the Norelco, I can easily pull off the trimming guide when I want to trim the lower edge of my mustache with the metal blades themselves.My one complaint is that it has no charging stand. It comes with a cord that has a small "brick" with 2 prongs that hugs the electrical outlet instead of a small, compact 2-prong plug. There's a round plug on the opposite end that plugs into a hole at the base of the trimmer body and you have to lay the trimmer down flat on the countertop. The compact charging stand the Norelco had meant the trimmer could stand upright while charging and it didn't take up nearly as much counter space. So I really miss that feature.But since this has everything else and I couldn't find anything else with a charging stand (unless it was a huge stand that held a range of accessories, such as six different trimmer guides, each of which trims at a different length, which would be worse for counter space), I am happy to have this because it does the job as well as the old one.It fits comfortably in my hand while using it, too.  