review/text: I purchased this product primarily for bikini shaving. The additional attachments are certainly useful, however. In fact, I've found the other attachments usually work better than the shaving head. The blades on the trimmers do seem to be prone to jamming, however.GENERAL:Some general comments I have about the 5-In-1 follow.*PROS*---Convenient to have multiple features in one unit rather than having to purchase different units for each task.---Rechargeable so saves on batteries.---Can be used wet or dry. (Though I found it very ineffective wet, it is still nice to be able to rinse it out.)---Comfortable shape and size.*CONS*---It seems to require constant charging, running down quickly after just a few shaves. This is a major problem for traveling out of the U.S. since it does not have dual voltage.---There is no indicator light to tell when it is fully charged, just one that says it is charging.---You also cannot use it while plugged in, which prevents you from simply plugging it into an adaptor to use it overseas.---There is no stand; all the attachments and cord are supposed to be kept in a zippered bag. Though this may be nice for traveling, it makes charging it a pain as it can easily slide off a surface onto the floor from the cord weight alone.---The bag also is cluttered with everything in it and I am concerned about the attachments becoming damaged as a result of everything getting knocked around together.SHAVING HEAD:All in all, I'm rather disappointed with the shaving head. Some comments I have about this attachment are listed below:*PROS*---Nice size for an all over bikini shave.---Non-iritating; it does not cause bumps as often as razors seem to do.---No trimmer combs around the cutting screen so there is nothing to catch on sensitive skin in the curves the way the larger electric shavers often do.---Seems to be the only one of it's type on the market.*CONS*---This attachment does not seem to be very well made; I had to use nail glue to keep the screen from falling out.---The blades also seemed to have dulled very quickly though I have only used mine for a little over a month.---There are no replacement parts available for replacing the cutters. You have to service the whole unit apparently.---It requires going over an area repeatedly for it to be effective. A dual-screen head would probably be more efficient.---The screen and blades do not lift and cut consistently, requiring the use of the other attachments to try and touch up hairs it will not cut.---It requires frequent cleaning and oiling, even when not using it wet (it cuts *VERY* poorly wet). I personally have to clean it multiple times during a single shave for even for the shortest stubble.---Makes some rather disturbing grinding sounds that aren't present with the other attachments.Though I use the 5-in-One daily and much prefer it to a standard razor, I am still looking for a unit that better suits my needs.  