review/text: This is the basic model that I started with and I have gone through a number of others over the past 10 years or so. Wahl, Remington, Norelco, wet-dry models, an old fashioned mechanical do-hickey from an on-line 'country' store, the el-cheapo as seen on TV (!?) model from the drug store, ... I've even gone prehistoric and tried a pair of nail scissors (I won't regale you with the gory details). With each purchase I was hopeful that I found the holy-grail of the personal grooming device, but it was not to be. None improved upon the Panasonic model. So here I am. I have gone full circle and purchased this one again.What is the perfect personal groomer? Everyone has their own ideal, I suppose, but a guy can dream... It would have sharp enough blades to weed-whack those crazy little nose hairs with one or two passes, yet not tug on that unsightly nostril hair, causing a paroxysmal sneeze. It would be waterproof, and thus easy to clean. It would be solidly constructed and last a good long time. (Who really wants to spend their hard earned cash on yet another nose-hair trimmer?) I can almost see it! Sugar plums dancing in my head!Sadly, the ER112BC falls short of this simple little dream. You have to go back and forth on a single spot multiple times and there are those few, ever-so-stubborn little proboscis follicles that just won't leave without an extra going-over. This one is a little more successful in the ear department, but still care must be taken. And speaking of taking care, very occasionally the little monster snags one of said nostril hairs and heaves it out, in a tweezer-like fashion. Apart from the minor twang of pain, this gives me an oddly uncomfortable twitching sensation and leads to a paroxysmal AAAACHOOOO!!! I would that the full unit were water proof. It's not. Even so, you can easily remove the top, rinse, and then let the top part air dry. I wish it didn't feel so light and cheap in my hands. Yes. That's how I lost my first one: I dropped it, it cracked, and took field trip to the landfill. Then the search for trimmers galore....And yet, here I am with the less-than-perfect but so-far-best-in-its-class model, the Panasonic ER112BC. It is singularly serviceable, but not too posh and certainly not perfect. But until I find a better model or decide to go native, I'm stuck with this for better or for worse. On reflection, it's reasonably priced and does the job. In fact, as far as I can tell, its less than perfect performance is best in its class.So I'm open to any suggestions. If you found a better model or figured out a clever braiding technique to keep these blasted hairs from making an egress from their orifices, I'm all ears. Luckily, those ears are without a lot of danglers, thanks to Panasonic and its less-than-miracle machine.  