review/text: Back in the 80's my mom and aunt used a home electrolyis machine religiously, without much by way of results. A few months ago my aunt found her ancient machine, which she passed along to me...I used it a few times and it didn't really seem to work, but it prompted me to head online and see what kind of newer, presumably better, home electrolysis kits were on the market. After reading some positive reviews I was hopeful that this electrolysis machine would be my ticket to getting rid of unwanted facial hair. I was shocked when I opened the box and found THE EXACT SAME MACHINE that my aunt purchased way back in 1982. I popped in the battery and fired it up, setting aside an hour a day for a month to work on hair removal. The results: negligible. I continued for the next couple of months to use the machine for an hour at least twice a week -- and on the highest setting -- but the hair kept coming back AND I ended up with ingrown hairs in some of the places I worked on.My main gripes with the machine are the length of the stylet (too short) and that there is no easy way to turn it on/off. The stylet, which is set in a kind of spring, so it can't be jammed into your skin (unless it is going into a follicle, where it should be) isn't long enough to connect to the root of my hairs. For the most part, I zap along the shaft of the hair - but don't make direct contact. You can take off the protector thing around the stylet, but because the stylet is so thin, it bends easily and is difficult to manuever. I've read on here that someone modified theirs with a sewing needle on the tip, I'm considering experimenting with this.But the main problem with the machine is that you have to dip your fingers in a salt water solution and grip the stylet pen, carefully insert it into the base of the hair you want to remove, then with your other hand you have to try and turn the dial to turn on the machine, and crank the dial up from 0 - 9. If you leave the machine "on" as you try to insert the stylet, it starts to beep and gives off a shock, you end up burning your face near the hair as you try to aim it and get it in - if you miss, you have to wait for it to cycle through the electric current (a couple of seconds) before you try again to insert the stylet into the follicle. Basically all that stuff on the box and the directions about how the current only flows if the stylet detects a follicle is nonsense. The thing is electrified once you touch it with the salt water. I've found you can dry your hand, insert the stylet, then wet your fingers and that minimizes the shock a little bit as you try to get it into the correct position.Another "minus" is that with a young baby, the only time I have to use this machine is during his naps - however the machine makes a loud beeping sound during use, which wakes my son and drives everyone else in the house crazy. Wrapping a towel around it helps minimize the noise a little, but it is still distracting and the towel interfers with using the machine. Guess I'm stuck shaving :(*UPDATE* I started going for professional electrolysis (tried the blend, took forever - 10 hairs "cleared" in an hour) and then found a professional that uses the galvanic method (16 needles at once). In just two sessions ($100/session) I see amazing results (approx 100 hairs cleared an hour). I wish I had just done this years ago, instead of spending a small fortune on laser (grew back after treatment ended) and all these other failed chemicals and machines. I highly advise, if you are reading this review, to seriously consider seeking professional help. I am sure this isn't what you wanted to read, but if I can save you the time, trouble and expense of experimenting with this other stuff, I'm happy to help!  