review/text: When I was originally looking for a protein supplement I got started with Optimum Nutrition Double Rich Chocolate (5-pounds). While I was pleased with it, I decided to look into a few alternative brands. I can't claim that with any brand I felt a big physical difference. That said I am using whey protein more as a supplement, so I rarely had more than one serving a day and at times did not have any if I felt my food that day supplied adequate protein. (Yeah, it took me a while to get through five pounds of this stuff.)- Cost/PricingOne misconception I had as I looked for protein was that comparing price per pound. I thought I was making a good comparison of the cost of each, where it really makes more sense for me to compare price per serving. Since the other two main proteins I tried had a serving size 30-45% larger, the containers I was buying would not last any where near the same length.For example, the 2.91 pounds of Syntha-6 I bought was not bad on price, but only contained 30 servings because of its huge serving size. The fact that almost three pounds would only last me a month or so made it a much more costly protein. Here's a break down of serving sizes.Serving Sizes (in grams):Optimum Nutrition - 30.4g - (24g protein)Six-Star - 39g - (26g protein)Syntha-6 - 44g - (22g protein)- Artificial SweetnersThe other disappointment with the two other protein powders was they both use Sucralose (witch is more or less Splenda). Particularly with the Syntha-6 that advertises on their container that they do not use Aspartame, it is a little deceptive to just replace it with a different artificial sweetener. Everyone varies a bit on their take of artificial sweeteners; personally I avoid them, at least in anything I would be consuming on a regular basis. With that said, understand Optimum Nutrition is using Acesulfame Potassium as an artificial sweetener in their whey protein. I am torn on how I should feel about that; it is something I would rather avoid.- TasteSyntha-6 was the best tasting of the powders I tried, but considering it contains six grams of fat (two grams saturated fat), it really should taste pretty good. Fat content is something that I think people freak out about a little too much at times. Syntha-6 is actually intend as a meal replacement as well as a protein supplement, so it makes sense they would have a higher fat content. Depending on your goals or nutritional needs that may or may not be a good thing. I saw it more as a negative since I was simply looking for a way to add protein to my diet, particularly after exercise. Meal replacement isn't something I am too interested in... meal addition is more up my alley ;) (Optimum Nutrition has 1 gram of fat per serving)- ConclusionOf any protein I have tried for a decent amount of time (at least three weeks) Optimum is still my favorite. The taste is good, especially when mixed with milk; and as most have said it mixed pretty easily. I order another five pound container, it will take me a while to get through that. The down side that I still find with it is the use of Acesulfame Potassium, but I have yet to find a good powder with no artificial sweeteners just yet. Over all I would recommend it, has not given me any adverse side effects, like gas or discomfort. (I always think it is a good idea though to try a new supplement at half dose instead of full to get an idea of how it will effect you.)  