review/text: I just finished my third 1 lb container of NOW L-Arginine with no plans to stop. If you sort the reviews here based on product satisfaction other than the unanimous issue regarding "taste" and the occasional problem with shipment issues etc. this is a solid 100% rated 5 STAR product in terms of effectiveness. I realized this nine months ago when I first ordered NOW L-Arginine and figured it had to be very effective if so many people continued to faithfully use sometime that tasted so bad. I never tried mixing it with anything other than a few ounces of water, swirling and swallowing in one quick comfortable gulp (without inhaling any air) for a nearly tasteless experience other than a slight and almost pleasant after-taste of shrimp.I take two teaspoons every night before bed on an empty stomach. At first I added 1/4 teaspoon of NOW L-Citruline Powder but eventually stopped when I ran out and later read L-Citruline is converted by the body into L-Arginine anyway. After my second pound of L-Arginine I did not notice missing the effects of L-Citruline so I never reordered it again. If anyone besides me has experimented and compared L-Arginine with and without L-Citruline I would like to hear if your experience is any different than mine. Please comment here. I did not notice the L-Citruline made much of a difference in the benefits I was experiencing from L-Arginine.Eventually I started adding a teaspoon of L-Glutatmine Powder from Source Natural and noticed that this addition made the taste of L-Arginine even less of an issue. L-Glutamine is sweet but tasteless. And still later i started adding my nightly teaspoon of ProBiotics Sodium Ascorbate Powder (4500mg C) into the same two ounces of water with L-Arginine and L-Glutamine. I was surprised that adding additional supplement powders to L-Arginine further reduced any problem with taste. If you're sensitive to the taste I suggest you hold your nose when you swallow and don't breath when you rinse and clean you glass before swallowing a second time so as not to lose a bit of that good stuff that might otherwise be left behind in your glass.I originally researched and found that L-Arginine is effective at lowering blood pressure when my doctor noticed my blood pressure was slightly high. NOW L-Arginine has been effective at lowering my blood pressure and I was pleasantly surprised by its Viagra effect. I have never had a prescription to Viagra but have tried it a few times over the years and noticed the negative side effects as well as a benefit. But L-Arginine daily is more effective than Viagra because you can take it everyday of your life without the negative side effects and I think this makes it superior to any of the drugs intended for that purpose. The daily dosage cost of NOW L-Arginine is less than 25 cents a day; what a great bargain when you consider the expense and negative side effects of drugs to lower blood pressure and enhance sexual performance.  