review/text: I've used electric razors for the last 20 years and this razor for 4 years. I like it so much I came back here to write a review. Here's some features I really like:* Slotted middle head. I've had 2 and 3 head Remington razors, and hated having to touch up with a manual razor. The slotted head in the middle of this one nicely picks up long hairs that the regular screens can't get. Every few days there's a stray hair flat on my neck that is quickly taken care of with the trimmer, but the slotted head gets most.* Quality construction. The feel and quality of Panasonic equipment is way better than my less expensive Remington. The blades and foil head also have lasted much longer. Perhaps Remington also has better razors than the ones I bought. Either way, the few extra dollars are well worth it.* AC/RC. This allows you to run plugged in if you ran the batteries down all the way. Happens to me every couple months because I don't charge till I have to. With a plain rechargeable, you're out of luck.* Quick charge. In a couple minutes this thing will charge enough for a full shave, so even if you ran the bateries down and don't like the cord, you're set.* External transformer. This goes with the AC/RC feature. What it means, though, is that there is more room in the razor itself for a bigger battery. This thing easily lasts a couple weeks on a single charge. My old RC razor only gave me a few days, or less after a couple years of use. You might not like the thought of packing the transformer if you travel, but if you go for a week or less you don't need the transformer/cord at all.* Washable. A great feature. Shake out most the hair, give it a shot of soap and water, turn it on, and rinse it off...good as new. Much more sanitary.* Linear blades. Some readers clearly don't like the buzz of a linear razor. Me, I like the feel and control over the jawbone, up to the sideburns, and under the nose. Rotary razors are quieter, but I don't like their fit with my face. I'm sensitive to noise in general, and the buzz has never bothered me.* Good grip. This razor feels great in the hand.It's been long enough that there are probably newer models of this razor, but it's definitely a winner, and definitely made me a Panasonic fan. Look for these features in whatever razor you choose.  