review/text: My husband and I started to talk about expanding our family next year. Being that I am a nurse I wanted to get started on preparing my body for the upcoming pregnancy. I started to do research on prenatal vitamins out there and wanted to find a natural prenatal that would give my body and the future baby all of the nutrients that might be lacking from my diet. I have read a lot of reviews and have done nutritional fact comparisons for several prenatal vitamins that are available over the counter. I have to say that Rainbow Light Prenatal is a great one-a-day vitamin that is filled with 100% natural nutrients needed for a healthy pregnancy as well as probiotics and digestive support nutrients which ease digestion and prevent stomach upset. This vitamin caught my attention because it was a whole food based vitamin, and for the daily intake of just one tablet, it packs a lot of nutrients. Although I am not yet pregnant and cannot speak for morning sickness, this vitamin is very gentle on my stomach and it does not make me nauseated nor does it give me gas/ constipation. Since taking these vitamins, I have to say that my energy level has increased tremendously, my hair and nails got noticeably stronger and I feel an overall boost to my immune system! I have to say that feeling "these effects" after taking this vitamin is a pleasant surprise because I have never felt any of them while taking multi-vitamins before. While preparing to conceive, I am trying to cut back on my caffeine intake and this "boost" of energy that I am feeling lately is definitely helpful. So while scanning the nutritional facts on the bottle it is quickly apparent that this prenatal packs a lot of nutrients with most of them being at 100% or more of the daily value. However, because Rainbow Light is a great source of Iron, 30 mg (167% of daily value) and taking too much calcium at the same time as an iron supplement will not allow the iron to be absorbed properly, the calcium supplementation in this prenatal is on the lower side, only 200 mg (15% of daily value). The same goes for the a lower content for Magnesium, only 100 mg (22% of daily value). I did not see this as a problem, I simply added a Calcium/ Magnesium supplement to my prenatal routine. Calcium is very important to any woman, especially to women who are pregnant or lactating, so this was a must in my book. I know it's a bit inconvenient that I need to add another supplement to give this vitamin a better boost, however by braking the iron and calcium up in two different servings I can ensure proper absorption of both and that makes it worth while. I also feel that adding a DHA supplement to a prenatal routine is very important, therefore I decided to take a separate DHA/ EPA supplement. So I take the Rainbow Light vitamin and the DHA supplement in the morning with breakfast and take me Calcium/ Magnesium supplement in the evening with dinner.Even though I had to add separate supplements to make this prenatal vitamin more complete, I don't see that as a problem at all. The fact that Rainbow Light is 100% whole food derived and natural as well as being gentle on my stomach makes it a great vitamin. By adding the calcium/ magnesium supplement and taking it a different time is actually a benefit because it ensures proper absorption of both nutrients, iron and calcium, which are so important in pregnancy.  