review/text: *****This Organic Ginger Tea from Yogi Tea is ideal as a digestive aid, and it also purportedly enhances circulation. It's a lovely, intense, all natural herbal tea made from organic ginger root, organic lemon grass, orgnaic licorice root, organic peppermint leaf, and organic black pepper. The taste is exactly like ginger, spicy and peppery, with sweet overtones. It's very nice anytime, but especially after a meal.I am definitely impressed with this tea and with Yogi Teas in general. Ginger Organic Tea comes with an expiration date (a good thing, because it's not full of preservatives, plus you can tell if it is fresh). Yogi Tea seems to be another company (like Numi, Aspen, Traditional Medicinals) that values sustainable and healthy practices. Their web site has a helpful glossary of tea ingredients and is beautifully designed, with info about each tea they make.Yogi Tea writes this on the box about the tea's benefits: "Our 100% Organic Ginger tea has something to offer to anyone who wants to get or stay healthy. For millennia, herbalists from all over the world have known of the healing, soothing and energizing qualities of this root, considered the "universal medicine." Organic Ginger (Zingiber officinale) has been used worldwide as a safe and mild home remedy for a variety of conditions, including motion sickness, occasional upset stomach and intestinal gas, as well as minor menstrual cramps. Ayurvedic practitioners have used Ginger for years as a way of activating the body's fire element (Agni), which burns up Ama (the body's toxins, comprised of both undigested food and naturally occurring toxins). When Ama is decreased, the body gains strength, balance and harmony. As a natural warming energizer, Ginger is also known to support the immune system, promote rapid and complete digestion and increase intestinal tone and peristalsis. Furthermore, it works as an antioxidant and has been shown to safely and effectively relieve nausea associated with motion. Our 100% Organic Ginger tea tastes delicious and provides the highest quality of a timeless remedy."There is a warning on the box that if you have indigestion or heartburn that persists you should see a doctor. There are no other cautions or warnings on the box except the standard disclaimer that the tea is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease.Highly recommended.*****  