review/text: My wife is Goldilocks in more ways than one.First we tried the 6 inch vibrator that she said was too hard. She also didn't like the vibe part at all.Then we tried an 8 inch Jelly one. Too thick and it didn't allow itself to be very giving. Meaning it was too hard of a material. It felt like hard rubber.Finally we tried this one and it was almost just right.From what I understand about this item, is that it is very flimsly. Trying to get it inside was like pushing rope up a hill. It just bends and flops around. I was reading about this particular dong online and ran across a smart tip. Go to a craft store and buy one of those large plastic flowers. The ones that have the plastic stems with the metal wire inside. The larger flowers will have a stem about the same diameter as a drinking straw. Using a pair of wire cutters, cut the stem so that its length will go from about 1 inch from the base of the dong to just the base of the head. Now I used a metal BBQ Squewer scewer thingy and pierced it at the base and make a hole all the way to the base of the head. I then used some 100% silicone that I bought at wal-mart (non-toxic btw) and coated the stem on each end making a small bead on each end so the wire will never cut its way up or down. Then I coated the lenght of the wire and let it dry for a few hours. Then I put a little bit more on it for lubrication and adhesion and carefully inserted the stem into the dong. The stem sits about 1 inch from both ends. If you are not carful making the hole you may come out the side and ruin your new toy so be careful! Now let it dry for a day. I know you want to use it now but it will be worth the wait! Now you have a realistic feeling dong with the UR3 material, it is also not bendy of floppy like it was and can be bent into different shapes. Like a curved penis that reaches that special spot? Well now you have one!Another thing to watch out for. This material doe NOT PLAY WELL WITH OTHERS! Keep it away from your other toys. I left it in a box with other dongs and they ate it! Something about the materials react melt this type of material. I am actually going to have to buy a new one and throw those others away. Or maybe I'll mystery gift them to some girls I know. :)  