review/text: I purchased this item for our son, since he loves Elmo. I thought I fell into the commercial trap of buying fun over function, but so far so good.I had some concerns, given the reviews on this item, but it appears that many have been rectified by the manufacturer. The three main items I had concerns with (from the reviews) were 1. ability to easily take off the top to empty the waste tray. 2. the noise of Elmo and the confusion to the child on the potty. 3. the pee deflector. Here are my thoughts. On the first point, the top comes right off, so there's no issue with using one hand to disassemble and clean. Just make sure that you lift gently without putting a lot of pressure on pulling up. Since there are 6 arms that insert into the base, any forceful pressure is going to make stick. Number two with the noise - there's an on/off switch inside, so you can choose if you want to have it on or not without taking out the batteries. On the third point, the pee deflector is tight. As an adult, I have to use two hands to put it in and extra force with one hand to pull it out. There's no way my son can pull this out when sitting on it.I'm a stickler for design and I always scrutinize the quality of anything I buy. I think this item has a nice design, which I don't often find myself saying with manufactured items for children. The form/function of being able to use the top on the toilet fits tightly and appears sturdy. With the top off, the remainder doubles for a step stood, which is nice. The one thing that you may want to replace on this is anti-sliding skids. They are a hardened plastic and slow movement, but do not stop it. If you buy some rubber strips from the local hardware store (the kind that peel and stick) and place these on the bottom, that issue is resolved.The issue of the hand being right in the way of the child's leg is definitely true. Our son tends to move his legs off to the sides for support anyway, so it doesn't appear to be an issue. Worse case, you just turn the sound off.Our son loved the potty from the moment he saw it and pranced around the house with it in his arms for days.  