review/text: I come from a family who sells Shaklee vitamins. I'm not trying to bash Shaklee, but I never could take their vitamins because they ALWAYS upset my stomach. I can't even take children's chewable vitamins without them upsetting my stomach.My energy for the past year or two has been just horrible. I'm lethargic and I've gained probably 20+ pounds because I can't stay awake past 9pm and I have no energy to do anything.I searched online for something to take and I've tried all kinds of supplements. Too many to list here, but I've spent TONS of money and thrown most of the bottles away after using only a week or two.Until now. Nature's Plus: Source of Life, Multivitamin and Mineral Supplement with Whole Food Concentrates is absolutely AMAZING. I take it after lunch and I have had ZERO stomach upset. (I started out taking just one, and worked my way up to the recommended 3 a day). I used to yawn all day at work and just DRAG my old body around. Not anymore. I am wide awake, I feel energized but not jittery and I have totally given up drinking diet soda or any type of caffeine products. (My doctor will be so happy!)A side benefit that I was not expecting.... it suppresses my appetite which has helped me to stop nibbling all day or to binge on junk. I actually eat smaller portions at meals and I eat HEALTHIER. (this from a person who NEVER EVER eats veggies! Now I actually WANT them.)The combination of eating better, and the supplements, keeps the digestive train moving along at a rapid pace -- which certainly aids in weight loss. I have diverticulosis, and so keeping that part of the body "moving" is a very good thing.I sent an e-mail to all of my coworkers and friends and family singing the praises of this product because I believe in it so strongly.Best of all... for everything you get packed into these tablets... the cost is EXTREMELY reasonable and one of the main considerations I had when I purchased it.Sure you could go to the grocery store and buy some vitamin for $7 or whatever... but the quality will not be as good, and it won't have ALL of the great ingredients these tablets do, (such as spirulina, and barley leaf, bee pollen, bromelain, apple pectin, etc, etc...) The combination of these vitamins and minerals have a somewhat synergistic effect. They all work TOGETHER.As you can tell, I'm snoopy dancing over finally finding something to improve my health and energy. I highly, highly recommend it.  