review/text: I did not check any of the reviews before purchasing these vitamins. Finding out I am pregnant is a great surprise to me and I just knew that I needed to start taking some vitamins, and fast. I have been exhausted and went to the store this evening, praying and trusting my instincts to choose the best one for me at this time.I have not been to the doctor or anything yet so I needed to get something really good without having to pay an arm and a leg. I took time to check out the vitamin content for each of the few I had narrowed my choices down to. I finally decided to go with the Rainbow Light as it "felt" like the best one, and to top it off it was on sale. Bonus!I came home and opened the bottle and I have to admit, the first thing I thought when I looked in the bottle and saw the pills was "Oh my God, they're HORSE PILLS!" lol But I made up my mind these are the best for me right now and I took one. I am VERY picky about the way vitamins smell and taste and these do not bother me at all. I did not have any problem swallowing the pill either. I must add I HATE taking pills. Hate it! Positive thinking toward the entire thing goes a long way, however! Remember it is for your precious little bundle and for your sake as well.I don't know if this will help others or not, but I have a little trick I use when I have to take medicine I don't like, or big pills that may be difficult to swallow: put the pill in your mouth on the back of your tongue. Lay it so that the length of it is parallel with your throat (not the other way, or it may get stuck). Take a big mouthful of whatever you are drinking to wash it down (don't swallow as you are drinking, let your mouth get full). All at once swallow everything that is in your mouth - it opens your throat and the pill should go down smoothly with all of the fluid. I hope you guys understand what I'm describing. Once you get it, you'll know. It makes things so much easier for me.I will add updates later on as I am just getting started but I was so excited to see the great reviews that I had to add a post.Happy swallowing!EDITED ON 8/17/2012 TO ADD:Here we are three weeks later and I am SO glad that I bought these vitamins!They have really worked out well for me and I just can't say enough about them. Not once have they made me nauseous after taking them (which is something I have always had a problem with, regarding prenatal vitamins in the past and this is pregnancy #6 for me!). I can definitely see the difference in my energy level, and seeing how I am pregnant with twins, that says a lot to me. I have always had to take extra iron in past pregnancies from being anemic and I am taking no extra iron right now. My health was not the greatest before I got pregnant and I am already feeling much better with these vitamins.I do want to reitterate that ATTITUDE GOES A LONG WAY! Sorry, not yelling, I just need to stress that because it is SO important. The more positive you can be, the better. Regardless of how awful you may be feeling in your pregnancy or about taking vitamins, if you CHOOSE (yes, it is a choice) to have a positive outlook on the entire situation, it will go much better for you and your baby (or babies).  