review/text: I should preface the negative sounding title of this review by saying that I have a lot of respect for this Braun product, and I think there are many good things about. The pivoting head is great, and I really like the cleaning station. Here are some things I think people should consider before buying this product:This razor requires some replacement parts in addition to your outright purchase cost. The foil and blade are supposed to be replaced at least every 18 months (more frequently, if necessary). That will set you back around $35. The cleaning fluid sells for around $10 for a replacement (I found a three-pack on Amazon for around $13), and one cartridge will only last you between 1-2 months. If you read the above overview written by Amazon, you will see that cleaning less frequently doesn't necessarily help you save cleaning fluid, as more intensive cleaning cycles are just repetitions of the lesser cycles. I should also mention that I had to buy the cleaning fluid online because I could not find it stocked in ANY store...and I tried several (including two Walgreens stores which advertise that they carry the replacement products!). Do the math and find out whether it is worth it to you.I, too, bought this razor to streamline my morning routine. It hasn't. Though this razor performs admirably on the face (I wear a goatee, so I can't comment on upper lip and chin performance), it does quite poorly on my neck. Some of the hairs on my neck are either too thick to pass through the foil, or grows at any angle that the "smart" foil doesn't catch, and I have to make several (several!) passes to get a mediocre shave on my neck. I have also recently started using a pre-shave to get a better shave. It helps, but it is one additional step to my routine. I find that I spend another five minutes shaving in the morning by using this razor than I did with a wet shave to get a worse result. I sometimes also have to shave twice a day if I want a somewhat clean look in the evening.The long hair (sideburn trimmer) is likely the most useless feature of this razor. I initially tried to use it to cut the thick hairs on my neck that the razor didn't catch, but it couldn't do that. The blade simple doesn't get close enough to the skin. It also doesn't do the job I demand on my sideburns, so I still continue to use a Remington beard trimmer to groom my goatee and sideburns.Braun tells you directly that it takes a few weeks for your beard to "adjust" to the razor. I found that it took longer than that (in some ways, it never has). I often wonder whether they suggest that waiting period to give you more time to forget what a good shave looks like!I will not deny that this is the best electric razor I have tried. It may work wonderfully for some people with a different beard type and neck angles than mine, but I am not sure it was worth the $145 I paid last November.  