review/text: Got this as a gift back in July and use it a couple times a week. I'm an insomniac by nature but this mask helps me fall asleep and more importantly, stay asleep longer.Mask -Bears a striking resemblance to a bra but for your face. The mask portion is concave, not flat! Allowing about 1.5" of room between eye and fabric. It's made of some sort of feltish material internally, slick fabric on the front, and dark slickish material lines the back (closest to eyes). Attached on either side are approximately 8" elastic bands with a couple inches of velcro on the back make it adjustable. Comes in a variety of colors, mine's navy.Sleeping -To fall asleep, I typically take a fistful of sleep aids, attempt to arrest my racing thoughts, and listen to Coltrane. I need things pitch black; the Bucky aids in this by completely covering my eyes, preventing any bothersome light from creeping in. Strapping this mask on is a lot easier than burying my laptop underneath something, turning the alarm clock's face away, adjusting the blinds just so, etc. Mask + Meditation = sleep. I'll usually wake up numerous times as light begins to stream in from the windows and the world starts about its business around my house - not so with the Bucky. Sleep continues uninterrupted until the rude alarm wrestles me from my dreams.Comfort -What is most endearing about the Bucky is its concave eye cup. I have long eyelashes, a lot of 'em. Other sleep masks tend to flatten or brush or mess with them so that I can't fall asleep with the distraction or painful irritation. I can rock this mask all night and have no problems to speak of. The straps don't bother me, nor does the velcro. A couple of reviews mention problems with the velcro making a ball or something of the sort that's uncomfortable to sleep on (lying on your back). I don't have this problem. My head is shaved - there's no natural padding of hair between it and the velcro. One must have a pretty sensitive scalp to be bothered by this (I thought the fairy tale involved 40 mattresses...). OR, they're strapping it to their heads far too tightly, making the velcro'd area larger than usual (depending on head size). I wear mine loosely, not able to fall out of place but with a little give to it. Experiment with it.Quality -The mask hugs my face rougly 3-5 times a week and has been doing so for 4 months. The lining is coming off of the back. I'm surprised by this because of the gentle use but guess friction, cheap materials/manufacturing methods contribute. It's the only downside to the mask but one that can be fixed very easily if you have a sewing machine and three minutes to spare.Bottomline -It's a great product because it does what other similar products have failed to do - help me sleep! It's comfortable, extremely portable, easy to use, and cheap. Quality is a little iffy but you can fix any stitches at home or buy a new one every couple of months. Take it from an insomniac - buy one, it'll help you sleep.  