review/text: I have been waiting for my chance to write this review for many years! And the time is now. The &#34;oxygen&#34; approach is the one I can stick with. As somebody who had an intense parasitic attack in Mozambique which effectively wiped out my body's ability to digest food normally, I have suffered from chronic constipation for 4 years. I have run through the list of possible remedies:- Stimulant laxatives (create dependency and yucky cramping)- Stool softener pills (not strong enough)- Fiber supplement (can help manage things when one is very careful with diet--but is rough once I became too impacted)- Probiotics (no noticeable assistance)- High-fiber foods (always a good idea, but one slice of pizza does me in)- Magnesium & zinc (apparently I didn't have a deficiency)And then one day I was just skimming the net for new ideas for laxatives since I had grown so upset not feeling normal and having a bloated stomach. I saw an ad for a premium priced version of this product and purchased it reluctantly ($40 for 120 pills). And just like the product under review, I was happy to find that with 4 pills before bed, I'd wake up with the feeling of needing to relieve myself. Basically, this product seems to liquify your stool and get it really moving. And, the great thing is that if i take a decent size dose (4 pills), I'll be somewhat regular with non-liquid stool for about two days, and then I'll do another dose. I've been doing this for about 3 months now and haven't noticed any fading effect (as the stimulants do--since they are muscle stimulants). I don't feel pain, no blood, no yucky side effects that I can put my finger on. Just the somewhat bothersome liquid stool problem--but heck, I'll take that over the bloating and bulging any day of the week. I finally feel like I can eat my occasional pizza or ice cream sundae (high dairy, low digestibility) and not do myself in for a week of yucky constipation. Highly recommend if you need something with a strong kick.  