review/text: For those familiar with or looking for SAM brand rolled splints or something similar:This splint is not as good as SAM brand. This splint is more flexible, but not in a good way - the metal inside is apparently thinner, not as rigid as SAM. I include photos above.SAM brand is considered by many to be the gold standard in emergency medical equipment (used by NASA and the United States Military). Not being as rigid as it should be, or as I'd hoped, is why I gave this splint only 4 stars. If you want the quality of a SAM splint, no need to read further - this is not what you want.SAM Splint 36" Rolled - Orange & BlueFor those not familiar with this type of splint:This type of splint is made of a thin sheet of aluminum covered in a cushion of semi-soft foam. This type of splint can be used to bend and conform to the part of the body where it's needed, whether it be a leg or arm, or as part of a neck/head restraint. It can even be cut with strong scissors (very high quality EMT scissors or utility will be needed to do this) to be used on the wrist, hand, or a single finger. I've had a splint of this type used on me and, if wrapped and held in position properly, it is as comfortable as it can get, for being injured.NOTE: This is not a rigid splint that will keep a patient from moving a limb when used alone. To keep a limb immobile with one single splint you will also need to wrap it properly with ace bandages, gauze wrap, or casting material. If you want a more rigid splint you should buy a SAM brand splint, which can cost up to three times as much. But you will still need to wrap it, even when using the better, stiffer, SAM brand.When I first looked for this item on Amazon I could not find SAM splints, which is why I purchased this one. I wish I had known the SAM was available at Amazon, I would have spent the extra money because I feel spending extra money on health and safety items is worth the investment. The is the only reason I rated this splint 4 instead of 5 - because it is not as stiff as the SAM brand which means you will need to take greater care when applying and wrapping it. You may need more wrapping and in an emergency situation this can be a problem.But even though I knew I was not getting SAM brand, I still did not get what was described by Amazon, and apparently this is not a mistake in shipping by the seller (I purchased from BP Medical Supplies for free shipping and cheapest price), but appears to be a problem with this listing that cannot be corrected by the seller by "exchanging" the item. This does not affect my star rating, but I feel buyers should know that exchanging what you get for what is shown/described is not an option for this item. And at least one of the differences does in fact affect the usefulness and value of the item, in my opinion. I describe the differences from what is shown and what is shipped in detail below. To those who feel minor details are no big deal, there's no need to continue to read, you'll be happy with this splint if you don't mind a splint that is not as thick and sturdy as a SAM. If you want a splint of the same quality as a SAM, no need to continue to read either, you don't want this splint.~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~> Does not come with any instructions or even one single image for how to use it, as SAM brand does. SAM imprints images right on the splint.> At the time of my purchase (October 2012) this item was advertised as a "Universal Aluminium Splint" (incorrect spelling of aluminum is as posted by Amazon), and described as "easily rolled up to size of ace bandage", with a photo (posted by Amazon) of a rolled splint. I did not get a rolled splint. This item came to me folded into fours (folded over twice, see my photos). I find this to be a problem for two reasons:1. A rolled item can usually be stuffed into pant, jacket, or emergency bag pocket, where as something folded to 4.5" Wide x 9" Long x .75" Thick size might not fit into the average pant or jacket pocket. In fact I'm sure this splint, folded to this size, cannot be easily stuffed into most pant or jacket pockets during an emergency.2. Once folded in the manner shown (see my photos above) aluminum has a tendency to keep the fold, no matter how hard you try to straighten it out. And this can make it very difficult to form the splint to the exact shape you need during an emergency, especially if the bent part must be used for a small and delicate part of the body such as a finger, or a child/infant's hand or arm - and this can affect how comfortable the splint is.~ ~ ~> This item was described as being 36" by 4.5" in size. It is in fact only 4.25 inches wide and 36" long once unfolded. If someone is purchasing this item for its exact measurements, perhaps for a use other than as a splint, you will be disappointed. But for the average user, this will not be a problem.~ ~ ~> The photo posted by Amazon shows the brand is "DIXIE". I assumed DIXIE is DXE Medical of Brentwood TN because DXE Medical often uses DIXIE instead of DXE. DXE has been around for a long time and I've never heard anything bad about them, so I trust their products. I did not get DIXIE or DXE brand. I got EverReady First Aid Co. of Brooklyn NY - made in China. I'm not sure where DIXIE's splints are made, but I personally boycott items made in China whenever possible due to chronic problems with inferior grade products, some of them even made with toxic, dangerous, and deadly materials. Anyone who does not believe this or thinks I'm exaggerating, just Google these words: China, toxic, dangerous, imports, exports, deathsThis splint does have a slight odor to it, but most items made of this type of foam do. I just hope the fact that it was made in China doesn't mean the odor of this particular foam is toxic. There is no indication on the item or the packaging as to what the material actually is, what kind of foam.~ ~ ~The photo posted by Amazon shows the splint is an "EMT Orange" color. The splint I received is a pink or salmon color. Most people do not care, but I point this out for those who might.~ ~ ~> Amazon also implies the brand name is "Splints". I mention this because the incorrect labeling of these links by Amazon can be extremely confusing to novice Amazon shoppers or to consumers who are not familiar with brand names of the items they're shopping for. This is a mistake caused by poor website design. Amazon traditionally links items to a page that sells only items by a specific manufacturer (for example, under the title description for a pair of Nike sneakers you will see a "by Nike" link, which tells you the item was made by Nike and the link would take you to a page on Amazon that shows all items made by Nike. However, in many listings on Amazon lately, this "by xxxx" link often means "in xxx". For example these splints are listed in a section on Amazon called "Splints". This is the subject or section where it is found at Amazon, not the brand name.~ ~ ~ABOUT THE SELLER:This information does not affect my star rating, but I include it for those who might want to know. I purchased from BP Medical Supplies for about $6.00 (as of today BP is selling it for $5.11) with free shipping. At the time I purchased it (Oct 15, 2012) it was the cheapest price I could find for brands other than SAM. It has gone down nearly $1.00 in 3 days, since I ordred it. That does not make me happy, but I can live with it. It was sent quickly, box, but with no packing slip. Other than no packing slip and it being reduced in price by $1 within 3 days of buying it, I have no complaints with BP at this time. Nothing, at this time, that would keep me from buying from them. But things can and do change.The confusion with what brand you get (DIXIE or EverReady) is something Amazon has to get control of, because they are aware of and allow it. I do not really blame BP for this.  