review/text: My girlfriend (wife-to-be) and I have been having unprotected sex for about 5 years now. She has been on the pill since day 1, never missing a pill. It has been a very functional sexual relationship -- We have sex about once a week. That's all I can seemingly get with our 2 terriers that she loves seemingly more than me I swear! It has always been very good sex, occasionally making her near orgasm.. but never quite getting there. I'm about 5 or 6 condoms into Okamoto, and I have made her scream for minutes on end with these condoms. They fit just perfect -- I am about 7" completely erect and feel like they're almost not there once they get warmed up. Unprotected is of course the best, but it is seemingly unrealistic if you are trying to proper plan a family. We had a close call about 3-4 months ago, and after that, I began buying condoms. I found that most Trojans were ridiculously thick and reduced the sensation for me. A 100-pack of Okamoto ran me a whopping $10 shipped to my door. This is an amazing price for a quality product. I have tested these condoms in my own private endeavors (ha!) to see how much they could sustain before breaking. I have not been able to successfully break one yet.Only one caveat -- But this is to condoms in general -- Buy yourself some good silicone lube and pour it over the condom once you initially put it on. You will thank me later. These will dry out very quickly.I believe, the key to a good condom, is to remove the fear that the male has in accidentally impregnating her. Once you remove that fear, a male has no fear and gives it to her like she has never been given it before!Good luck and godspeed, fellow condom users!UPDATE 8/14/2012 -So, never thought I'd come back to update a condom review.. But hey, people gotta know. We have finally moved on to trying to conceive, so my stash of Okamotos is currently not going down. I still give them 5 stars. We did have one break, but I think it was too dry and too much friction. I would recommend always using either water-based or silicone lubricant. Supposedly the silicone lubricant can degrade the condom, but we never saw it. POINT TO BE TAKEN -- We used these for a year and did not have more than 1 break in about 50-60 uses. I will take that any day of the week.  