review/text: I've been using electric shavers for about seven years, and have gone through five. This isn't to say I use them until they stop working - I use them until the lure of something better comes along. I've gone from an old hand-me-down Remington to an under-powered little Braun, to an unsuccessful stint with a triple-head that was supposed to dispense soothing goo, to a fantastic Remington Microscreen whose life was cut short by the rigors of life in the desert (California, Kuwait and Iraq), to its similar but not-as-good Remington replacement.A common issue dogged these razors - wear and tear. Blades and screens spend more time touching your face than you do, and the "blade chamber" invariably becomes dusted and choked with stubble, skin and the detritus of electric shaving. The chaps at Braun, perhaps sensing a chance to set themselves apart from the electric shaving pack, came up with the Self-Cleaning Shaving System.And I must say I'm impressed.Now, the razor itself is keen. It has a nice size, a good heft, and a straight shaving head mounted on a rotating base that gives it just enough flexibility for under-neck shaving. The flexible screen abandons the "lots of little holes in a grid" concept for a crazy-cross hatched slot-and-hole screen that does a good - not perfect, but good - job of letting hairs at odd angles meet the blades. The shave itself is a dream. Those hard-to-get odd angled hairs aside, the razor works smoothly and almost imperceptably. It has a light touch, even if you push it hard into your skin.My observation in support of this is that I had no "adjustment period" switching from the Remington to the 8585. None. Therefore, I attest the 8585 is gentle but all business, giving a damn fine close-but-not-too-close shave with very little irritation.Now, back to the innovation here - the self-cleaning system. It is, without exaggeration, awesome. Using an alcohol-mixture cartridge, you simply place the 8585 in the charging stand after a shave. Now, I'm not sure how the system determines how hard to work at cleaning, but it thinks for a bit, and then picks either low (eco) medium (normal) or high (intensive). The process, as far as I can tell, is it soaks the razor head in the solution, the shaving scum is washed away, and the alcohol evaporates. You're left with a fully clean electric to use for your next shave with the faint scent of lemony gin.It keeps the blades sharp, the screen unclogged, and just plain works.As another reviewer astutely points out, if you want to conserve cleaning fluid, you can always charge the 8585 directly with the power cable. And, true to Braun's claim, the sucker charges quickly and will last quite a while without a re-charge.Finally, the 8585 comes with the razor, base, charger, one cartridge of cleaning solution, a sweet hard-shell case for travel, a screen guard and a brush for taking care of external stubble.Although I'm giving this puppy five stars, I do have two complaints/observations. Number one is that the trimmer, while aggresive and able to cut thick hair with ease, has trouble with smaller, fine errant hairs, especially on the neck. It's not a major issue, but electric shaving is never without its quirks. Next, the cleaning cartridges cost about eight bucks a pop, and if the thought of paying this much for the self-cleaning luxury bugs you, you probably shouldn't consider this razor.Another random note: if you absolutely cannot live without an LCD display on your razor, for about thirty dollars, Braun will sell you the 8685, which I presume is exactly the same razor. Save the thirty bucks, people. Razors do not need LCD displays.In summary: this is a fantastic razor well worth the cost. It isn't perfect, but it turns a previously glaring weakness of electrics - the chore of regular maintenance - into a strength. For a comfortable, easy going electric shaver, the 8585 is a charmer.  