review/text: I bought this hoping it would be adequate for picking up things off of our hard floors. It's easiest for me to do housework when my youngest is napping and I hate to drag out the Dyson and risk waking him. Initially I wasn't very impressed with this product but after using it for about a month, I've figured out the little quirks and am really enjoying having it.The rollers don't rotate at the same rate as the wheels. Taking the relatively short strokes with it as I had been wasn't getting the rollers to rotate enough to pick up much of anything. When I realized I needed to make longer strides with it efficiency improved considerably. Also, I've learned that if I have something big to pick up, it's easiest to just center the sweeper over whatever I want to pick up and then start sweeping. The rollers push it into the pan right away without pushing it all over the floor first so it makes it really easy to clean up the larger bits that it seemed weren't coming up when I used it before. With two very simple modifications, I've pretty much fallen in love with this product. It does exactly what I expected it to do and it's so easy to use. I can pull it out and sweep all my hard floors as often as I like with no hassle. I don't even have to touch the crumbs and hair, which I love. I've found that a few of our door mats actually come cleaner by using this than by vacuuming them. This makes cleaning up after 2 dogs and 4 kids almost effortless - quick and easy enough to stay on top of things without the stress. And that really can't be understated.I haven't had any issues with the handle falling apart and I've been using it daily for about a month. I did jam it rather hard when I first assembled it, hard enough to break the little plastic cup at the handle end, actually. I really should've saved that part for last but I wasn't thinking. Still, I carry it by the handle all the time and it's still sturdy. If it breaks it's nothing duct tape can't fix. (Is there anything duct tape can't fix?)  