review/text: I had a previous Oral B and the recharging stand suddenly stopped working, and there didn't appear to be a replacement (not a good move by Oral B), so I got this one based on the reviews. It's good and I'm pleased. A few points. The every-30 second timer is actually a good thing, I figured it was kind of dumb. I hate brushing for 2 minutes. By letting you know when 30 seconds has passed, you then move from upper front teeth to say lower front teeth, then again move in 3 seconds to, say, lower back teeth. It makes it WAY easier to do the full 2 minutes because 30 seconds is no big deal, it actually helps break the time up (it sounds dumb, but it actually helps). The grip doesn't bother me, but yeah, my older one fit my hand better. My only real gripe is the button to control what kind of speed you want. It's right under your hand so you constantly hit the button while brushing, if you're not careful. That bugs me. But it doesn't make the brush worth any less. It's good. And the travel option is nice too - basically, the based of the unit is a breakaway (well, snapaway) part that contains the actual charger. So you can take this little bit with you when you travel, rather than the entire base, which is ridiculously and unnecessarily large. Oh, and I called the company, this works on european 220v power, you just need to get the adapter to change the plug from a european to an american plug (get those at radio shack or wherever). Overall, it's good. I highly recommend. Oh and I can't speak to battery life, I leave mine plugged in every night.One more thing. This Oral B is clearly quieter than my previous model. Just brushed my teeth and sat down in front of the TV - could actually hear the tv without cranking up the volume all the way. On the last model, no way, could never heard the tv. Helps if you get bored brushing your teeth. And in response to some of the other criticism, I don't notice this model making any bigger mess than my previous model, and it is painfully obvious when the model is letting you know that 30 seconds has passed - I can't understand how anyone could not tell.  