review/text: This tooth bleacher offers one advantage over the trays, gels, and strip methods - you control the application of the bleaching peroxide. In this system, you apply the peroxide bleaching gel on the teeth you want to bleach. With careful application there is no possibility of (chemically) "burning " your gum tissues, as with other systems.The key to using this product is to dry your teeth first. If your teeth are not "bone" dry, the product cannot be applied successfully. Follow all product instructions to a "T". Here are some additional tips:1. Apply the product at night just before going to bed. Don't eat anything once you apply the bleching gel. You may drink fluids.2. Brush your teeth thoroughly with your regular toothpaste to remove plaque.3. Take a small gauze or a roll of cotton and put it under your upper lip to keep your lip from touching your teeth.4. Now dry your teeth with a terry cloth rag or towel. Make sure you dry the gums and between your teeth too. Suck air through your teeth to help dry them out. A hair dryer works well too!5. Apply the gel. Make sure you do not get the applicator wet with saliva or the gel will thicken and stick to it.6. Once dry, retire for the night.7. Brush product off in the morning.The lower teeth are harder to treat because of the difficulty in getting them dry. Again use numerous gauze sheets to block saliva glands under the tongue and between the lips and teeth. If you can't get the teeth dry the product will not work!If your teeth become sensitive (the main negative side-effect), discontinue using the product for a night or two and then resume. It may take a bit longer for the product to work, but it is better to be careful to not inflame the nerve of the tooth to achieve whiteness. Go slower if you experience sensitivity.The product does work. The learning curve in getting the product on your teeth is the biggest obstacle to success. Once you get the technique down, you will get results. By the way, the results vary from person to person. Bleaching works best on yellow stains. If you have gray or brown stains don't expect the product to work miracles in bleaching this type of stain.Hope this helps.Jim "Konedog" Koenig  