review/text: This was recommended by my Nutritionalist/Naturo-path to assist with my anxiety. Went home & researched it on the web, and almost all the reviews talk about memory. I learned from him after a Q/A that it reduces Cortisol levels in the brain... essentially it helps people who are stuck in "fight or flight" (cortisol is one of the brain chemicals that surges in this state). In "normal people" (where ever they are), after the stressful event is over, brain cortisol levels return to baseline i.e. normal levels.We now live in times of extreme stress & anxiety (economic uncertainty, East Coast earthquakes?!!@$#*&!!?, job layoffs, generalized fear). Many people, including those of us who suffered from anxiety BEFORE any of these additional stressors, live day to day with elevated cortisol levels. If you feel stressed out, burnt out, this is probably you. Excess Cortisol damages almost all of the major organs... it wasn't intended by "the cosmic muffin" (God) to be elevated for more than a very short period of "fight or flight".BOTTOM LINE#1: IT'S REALLY bad to have consistently high cortisol levels. It damages the heart specifically, which ought to be enough reason for anyone. PTSD sufferers take note!I've known these medical facts for years. They're well documented. What I didn't know was that there was a supplement that could actually bring the levels back DOWN to "baseline". This is that supplement.In a further Q&A; I asked if I should get a supplement that had Ginko & other brain/memory herbs in it (as many PS supplements do). I was told "no, save the extra money". Since memory as such, wasn't my problem, I saved a bundle of $$ buying this product which is the lowest priced PS-only brand I could find (ok, Now Brand has a bit of Inositol, which also has a benign calming effect).I've taken numerous supplements since 1983 (I'm 54 & otherwise healthy). I have NO "placebo effect". With me, either it works, or it doesn't.Within 2 DAYS I felt an immediate decrease in anxiety. I was in fact, shocked.My personal experience was that I still got my mini-panics etc. But AFTER the stressful situation ended I found I returned to a calm state (this is a first for ANYTHING that is non-prescription).BOTTOM LINE: It doesn't stop anxiety, but it allows the cortisol levels to return to normal soon after the stressful event ends.I'm not stuck on "Red Alert" anymore.I can't exaggerate how huge this is for me.Obvious your mileage may differ, but I'd recommend at least giving this supplement a try.As for my memory, yes, I do feel a noticeable improvement, but I'm told that's an "also" effect, since chronic stress has been proven in countless studies to affect memory and cognition. So taking PS just for memory I cannot speak to.For what it's worth, this had been a revelation for me.I take 3 to 5 tabs a day (3 in the AM and 2 at 5 PM), though my nutritionist says that 3 per day (300mg of pure PS) is generally considered the starting point and you can increase from there.Great price too.  