review/text: Like several folks have written in their reviews, I was skeptical about this product before buying...Chinese label, claims of dramatic healing, etc. I have been battling a bought with an external roid for 4+ weeks. Tried some herbal pills, and that did not help. Witchhazel wipes do help to sooth but did nothing to reduce the size of the roid or provide longer-term comfort or diminish symptoms. I tried Prep H gel as well. And although that provided temporary relief, it did not reduce the size of the roid or provide long-term comfort. The Prep H also began to irritate the surrounding tissue, and some bleeding was noticed.I have been using this cream for 4 days, 3X per day. The relief it has provided has been excellent. The symptoms (itching mostly) have subsided to the point where they are almost gone. The biggest surprise is that that roid has actually shrunk in size by half. I will continue to use this product for the next several days in hopes that is completely eliminates the roid. Still a bit skittish that this is a Chinese product and the product is not FDA approved, but our FDA has not reviewed/said no to a lot of products that are safely doing well for patients in other countries. As for the smell that people describe, it's not bad at all IMO. However, I realize that everyone has a different sensitivity level when it comes to odors. IMO, this odor is no stronger an odor than Ben Gay muscle cream. Regarding the application of it, to me it's a cooling sensation, not a burning sensation. No problem at all, and in fact, soothing.In addition to this cream, I do eat a whole foods plant based diet with a lot of fiber. That certainly helps bowl health and relieves roid symptoms. Also drink plenty of water, and I have been drinking low cal cranberry juice. I suspect the fact that I am getting better is a function of all these things working together in addition to my own body healing the roid naturally.I hope this review helps you and that you see improvement in your condition, because I know how much roids suck!05/16/12I have now been using this product for 3 weeks. It's simply amazing. I rarely write reviews of products unless they are outstanding, and this is. Three weeks after using it, my severe external roid is about 90% GONE. I have had NO discomfort in weeks, and I expect the final evidence of the roid will disappear in the coming days. Prior to getting this cream, I was miserable. I now know that when the roid flares up again....as it most certainly will....I have a solution to eliminate symptoms and cure it. Amazing stuff. Woo hoo Chinese medicine!  