review/text: Writing from beautiful Maputo, Mozambique, I have to say, this stuff is great for people who will be away from the conveniences of whole food markets but want to retain a healthy amount of greens and "green benefits". Unfortunately, I cannot eat the raw veggies here (no one who has not been here for a significant period of time can, it's a matter of adjustment to local water. Much like you don't drink from the tap in US cities that are new to you), so I consume the Perfect Foods Super Greens as well as their Perfect Antioxidant Fruits powder.Firstly, it traveled well. The packaging did not crack or burst all over my luggage. That would have been sad because the dry contents are actually sticky.Secondly, for those of you who may be interested in consuming this but will not have a blender on hand, I recommend cutting the taste with coconut milk or coconut water and a little sweetener. Fruit juice can work too but, I would steer away from citrus (local orange juice didn't taste too great)! It won't be the best thing you've ever had, but if you're already into green smoothies, you're ready for the taste!Thirdly, I find it energizing. In a situation where my diet is now half raw, half low-process carbs (rice, beans, cereal etc) and intermittent forms of high protein sources, my energy levels have gone down pretty quickly since lowering the raw in my diet and eating more "white sugars". This definitely helps with getting me back on my US track. It's also better than caffeine for energy.Lastly, I think the Perfect Greens products have really kept me from the real immune system suppression that can come with long flights, jet-lag and a less nutrient dense diet. Reasonably, I should have a stabbing ear infection, a cold and possibly diarrhea by now. If you're not thinking you're that at risk for these things, than I would say consuming the greens daily will be great for boosting your energy and present level of health; not just keeping you balance.If you're considering it, go for it. This will be a part of my regimen when I am back in the United States, for sure.  