review/text: Please note, if you're constantly looking for easy drug fixes, then these caplets aren't for you. Also, I don't know how well these work for pets.I have really bad early-season allergies. I get really itchy and watery eyes (have rubbed them so much it looks like I have black eyes), a constant runny nose, and sneezing. I did not want to keep using over-the-counter (OTC) drugs, partly because they worked less as time went on (which will be true of most drugs), and partly because they inhibit your body's ability to fight off the allergens (thus making you more susceptible the next time around). OTC's only attack the symptoms -- they don't take care of the problem. For ex: with Claritin, I can get rid of the runny nose. I don't sniffle, it just dries up. But it still feels stuffy. With Aller-Leaf, your body can actually fight allergies.Here's what you need to know:1. You have to take A-L for about 2 weeks before you will see optimal performance (although it will start working within days). If you think taking it here-and-there is going to work well, it won't. Just keep a bottle at your desk at work -- you won't forget taking it that way. They go down easy with water and there's no taste. Also, it's not a big deal if you miss a day here and there.2. After A-L is in your system, you may still get flare-ups over short periods (for ex: an afternoon). I've found that this is true when I travel, and I believe it's because your body is exposed to allergens that it's not used to fighting (for ex: different type of tree pollen), as well as because I usually eat poorly when I go away (any poor diet makes it difficult for your body to fight anything). It's in those instances where I might use an OTC, especially for weddings. But then I risk getting drowsy or fog-headed.3. You may need 2 bottles per season. I typically get A-L in April and May (in Massachusetts), so I need more than 1 bottle.4. Make sure you minimize your susceptibility to allergens. Wash your hands, rinse out the corners of your eyes, and vacuum regularly.In all, I think Aller-Leaf is a great product. It works really well for me, and my body feels normal when I take it. My father uses it as well, and he gets really bad hayfever allergies. But again, you have to give it a chance to work. If you're not patient, then stick to OTCs.  