review/text: I have been using Nature's Plus Source of Life tablets for 22 years. They are the finest vitamin supplement I've ever found - and I have done extensive research to find the right vitamin. I studied Nutrition at the University of California, Irvine in the premed department when I was doing my post-graduate work. And, I've done independent studies beyond that.As one reviewer had said, the chelated minerals in Source Of Life make a big difference. And that is SO TRUE. Most vitamin manufacturers use sulfated minerals because the processing is CHEAPER. Sulfates are harmful to the body. The proper and safe way to extract minerals is by chelation, which is what Nature's Plus does in all their products.I personally know the effects of taking sulfated versus chelated minerals. I have a severe allergy to sulfates. Many years ago, I used to take other brands of vitamins, and doctors used to prescribe prenatal vitamins to me. Just about all that I had tried had ferrous sulfate. Taking the vitamins CAUSED fatigue in me. I was dragging around, lethargic all the time. I had once been prescribed a B-Complex by a doctor who said my iron count was very low. B-Complex is necessary in being able to absorb iron. A month later, I returned to the doctor and he checked my iron count again. He said, "it looks like the iron shot I gave you worked." I said, "you didn't give me an iron shot." He was shocked. The only thing I did different was to take the B-Complex and my iron count went up. Taking vitamins with IRON SULFATE can cause the iron count to DROP because the sulfates block the catabolism of iron. Chelated iron is easily assimilated by the body.My daughter had been suffering for years from fatigue, depression, low iron count. Doctors began go give her shots of iron. She loved to donate blood, but in the last 3 years her iron count was too low for her to safely donate. I kept telling her for years to try Nature's Plus Source of Life but she never would. Finally, she started taking them!!! Her iron count went back to normal in 2 months. She was no longer fatigued or depressed. She felt so good that she is now handling 2 jobs - one at the hospital ER and one in a doctor's office - and she started back to college to become a Physician Assistant.These vitamins make a world of difference in everyone I know who takes them. My daughter is recommending them to patients - AND TO THE DOCTORS at the hospital!They really give one a new lease on life.  