review/text: We know how important omega-3 fatty acids are in our daily diet for cardiovascular health. The question is, how do we keep supplementing our diet with it? There are a variety of sources in pill form. Some brands have trace amounts of mercury from the fish used and others contain none. There is research available on the internet that shows how much mercury various brands contain.If you are like me, you buy whatever omega-3 fish oil pills you happen to find when you need to restock your supply. So when I stumbled across these Wild Alaskan Salmon Oil Softgels,I purchased them. They contain 1000 mg of omega-3 oil from wild salmon, which do not contain any mercury. The wild salmon season has just passed again, at least here where I live, meaning our ability to buy it here in south Florida. We had been eating wild salmon three times per week for the past three weeks. It's delicious baked with some white wine, and coated with a mixture of honey and strawberries.These contain oil made from, according to the bottle, parts of the fish that are not eaten, so that no fish are wasted by making these supplements. That leaves me to ponder exactly what parts of the fish were used. Was it the heads, tails or guts, or a combination of all of these? It sounds unpleasant but all of the parts of the fish are edible.These are made in Canada. Again, I wondered how or if they are tested in some way for content, both of amount of fish oil and contaminants. These things remain a mystery and with any supplement there is the element of the unknown. In a month I will get my cholesterol tested and see if the numbers have come down. Fish oil, when taken in a daily supplement, brings down the cholesterol count in the body.The content of omega-3 fatty acid per capsule is 267 mg. EPA content is 107 mg. DHA content is 93. The amount of salmon oil is 1000 mg. Each capsule contains 10 calories. There is no vitamin E in these contrary to what one review here states. I am puzzled that one review I read had different information than what is on the bottle.At any rate, I enjoy knowing my omega-3 supplement is coming from wild Alaskan Salmon.  