review/text: I have had a Braun Silk Epil for about 10 years. I used it pretty much year-round the first 3-4 years, then half of every year since then. Recently I discovered that the cord to mine was missing. I looked high and low and being too impatient to special order a new cord, I considered just getting a new epilator. Mine still worked pretty well but over the years I felt like some of the oomph was missing from the tweezing power it initially had. I considered a new Braun and I considered an Emjoi. The Emjoi has more tweezers which makes me think it would be faster and better - but it seemed over and over I would read of Emjois dying after a year or two and needing replaced. What pushed me back to a new Braun was the known quality... plus instant availability. I went to Bed Bath and Beyond and bought a new one. (They only have the pink model, which doesn't come with as much stuff - but the base unit is the same, it's the most important component, and you get a nice price if you use the coupons they are always mailing out. ;-) )First - the accessories.The massaging head is supposed to reduce pain. For all but the most sensitive areas of my legs, I am immune to the pain of epilation so I have NO idea if this thing works. It seems like it just gets in the way, to me. I am not convinced there is any way to reduce the pain of yanking out your leg hair by the roots, short of getting used to it (and I think in some areas, you never do)The efficiency clip is supposed to keep the epilator at the correct angle to make hair removal most "efficient" ... IMO, just something else to get in the way. It doesn't take a degree in rocket science to figure out the best way to hold this thing. The guide just makes it feel akward, kind of like the difference between standing straight on your own vs. shoving a yardstick into the waist of your jeans. You don't need it.The pink model is also available with an easy start head with fewer tweezers - *might* be nice in those areas that never get used to the pain, but I think it would just make an already slow process mind-numbingly slow.The optimum clip or whatever - cuts your hair to the right length for epilation - mine didn't come with it, I can't see it being very useful. I find it best to start with a wax and then maintain with the epilator. No matter how short the hair, the denser it is, the greater the pain. Waxing will take care of both density and length - you get the hairs that were broken or missed and keep up as new ones come in. (And waxing need not be expensive, use a Nair roll-on sugar wax kit and do it at home for under ten bucks. Cheap, but waxing is always a pain because you have to wait for the hair to be long, and it's STICKY - epilating grabs short hairs as they come in and is mess-free)The shaver head - pink model doesn't come with it - I think may be good if you are in a hurry or just can't quite stomach epilating in spots. This is the one accessory I think might be useful - of course I don't have it. If you have a good clipper or electric razor anyway, though, it's a moot point.Second - the truth about epilation.Once upon a time - there was the Epilady. My mother bought one of these when I was in middle school. She tried it on herself. She tried it on ME. It was, to the best of my knowledge, the only time I ever swore in front of my parents without being reprimanded for it. That says it all about the Epilady.When I first noticed the Silk Epil for sale (advertised as painless, at that), I was 18 or so. I was skeptical. But I was also hairy and tired of feeling like a side show freak. (I have PCOS but at the time had not been diagnosed, I just felt ashamed and disgusting and wondered why I had been cursed with so much hair) I took the bait on the newspaper ad and bought my first hair yanker. I had a leg wax by that time but I *think* only once and I know it was at least 2 or 3 months prior to using the Silk Epil. The first use HURT... but not TOO bad. Truthfully, if you have reached the level of hairiness that pushes you to look upon yanking your hair out by the roots as a rational decision, you're probably willing to handle the pain involved, within reason. The silk epil is painful but reasonably so. (It was some time later that I discovered the Silk Epil immediately after waxing as the best way to go - if you are new to it or just haven't done it in a while, let your hair grow, wax it, then epilate - that's the best way)There are areas of my legs that never quite got used to it. The backs of my legs around the knee area - stings, but I can handle it. High up on the back thighs where it is ambiguosly bikini area - in that if you had a bathing suit on, it would look bad, but never show in shorts, unless you wear Daisy Dukes, which I didn't - THAT area, I can't handle. I am working on it. Bikini area in front (leg to pube crease, not the whole triangle) is totally bearable, as is inner thigh where hair can be coarser and turn to sand paper when shaved and stubbley. There, epilating is FAR superior to shaving. No pimples, rashies, etc...But over ninety percent of my legs, there is now no pain.Epilating *will* give you ingrown hairs. If you are lucky, you will have fewer ingrowns than hairs that break the surface. I don't know if there is any way to prevent them all. I use scrubby gloves in the shower and I am experimenting with a lotion I have concocted mixing Jergen's Skin Smoothing lotion(with AHA) and Clean and Clear salycilic (sp) acne gel. I don't seem to get them too badly, but I do get them. (I just recently got back into epilation so I don't know for sure how good my concoction is, but it shows promise)Epilating may or may not give you picture perfect, baby smooth legs. The more I do it, the closer I get to "smooth," but I never quite reach it (except for the inner thighs, where I guess the hair is both sparse and coarse enough that it is all yanked clean) My legs don't look perfect - no one is going to be chasing me down for a photo shoot - as I have kind of a red/pinkness around most of my hair follicles. This is not due to epilating, my legs have always been that way. My theory is that my womanly skin just doesn't react well to the beastly hair that grows in it. It looks *worse* if I shave because then you see the five o'clock shadow making the dots even more noticable. With epilating my legs don't look perfect but they look better than with shaving.So my legs don't look or feel as great as I would like, but I feel a lot more confident and free when epilating as opposed to shaving. With epilating my legs always look and feel OK whereas with shaving, they seldom do. Plus I prefer to sit on my bedroom floor, dry, and do this, as opposed to contorting myself in our cramped and poorly lit shower.One last thing about epilating - you will on occasion read that you should never do it, that it increases blood flow to the hair follicle, that it makes hair coarser, that it distorts the hair follicle, that it makes you more prone to ingrowns as time goes on. I have areas of my legs that, after years of plucking, are nearly hair free - the follicles are dead. My inner thighs used to be HIDEOUS and now there is maybe 1/4 the hair there used to be. My inner lower legs used to be bad and now also have very sparse hair. These are the areas I have been attacking the longest, with tweezers long before the epilator. I don't know if this thinning is a factor of the plucking killing the follicles or just something to do with time - or treating my PCOS - but I do know that epilating has not made my legs any worse for the wear. I have noticed that using this on my face - I used my old one on my face - was a MAJOR disaster. There are women who say they do it but I found my skin would look great for a few days and then be pimply and ingrown and I would want to put a paper bag over my head. I finally did laser on my face which is pricey but worth it. I don't think laser is practicle for large areas of the body, though. It's not neccassirily permanent removal, merely reduction, but a touch up for the chin is a lot cheaper and easier than a touch up for the leg.The reason I give this four stars and not five is because I wish it more tweezers. It seems it would go faster. It seems to have 20 tweezers, arranged in 4 rows of 5 that spiral around the head. The old model had 3 horizontal rows of 8 or 9 (hard to tell) - I don't know why they'd reduce the number. The brand new tweezing power still makes this work better than my old one, but I still wonder if the Emjoi (with 36 tweezers) may have been the way to go. I am considering buying a Remington for comparison - I have looked and looked at that model and I am nearly convinced it is a rebranded Emjoi at a fraction of the cost (only with one speed, not 2 - but I only ever use one speed anyway)Edit - forget Emjoi. Braun has a new Silk Epil with 40 tweezers - called the Silk Epil X'Elle. Not easy to find in the US - Braun says it isn't available (I emailed them) but I have seen it for sale here on Amazon and on Drugstore.com (for less than here). If I can verify that this unit is actually available and will work on US household power, I am getting one of those!  