review/text: I have 16 of these batteries.... thought at first my chargers were bad. So I bought new ones thinking maybe the high capacity was too much for my other charges. Batteries say charged but don't power up my camera. test w/ alkalines camara works.So I go and buy the maha charger, do a full capactiy charge/discharge/recharge to ensure batteries are good. Maha charger fully charges, says ready to go. Plug the batteries in dead, camera beeps and off.So I then do a slow charge, float charge.... same deal.batteries are beep-off in the camera. Take some of my older 2100mah batteries they work like a champ.Worst money I ever spent, imagine you are ready to take pictures and have these "new great" batteries... you are screwed.Now to figure out how to get them replaced and make duracell live up to their warranty.Just heed the advice of others, don't waste a minute or penny! These were a waste of resources and shame on duracell for not recalling them.I just called their "help desk" they informed me that they will replace the batteries with a coupon in 2-3 weeks. I explained the quantity, they would just say I would get a coupon to replace "most" of the batteries. Reinforcing why you should stay clear. My lower capacity 2400's work fine but the 2650's are a waste of our resources and duracell needs to get these off the market. 16 bad batteries does not happen by chance.The other trivial thing, I own a professional battery charger by maha and it's one of the best rated out there... they believe I should use their cheap 20 dollar charger only since my charger might not work. I'm sure they are just reading off a flowchart. They even asked me what device types I've used them in, what types of other things did I try them in. We'll see what "most of my replacement coupon will be". My hunch is it's going to be less than what I have bought. Did I say RUN AWAY FROM THIS CRAP BATTERY??? Amazon needs to take this product off the site since it's not doing their reputation any good.  