review/text: I have tested very high for lead and mercury and am currently in a wheelchair. My first experience with 1 cup of Mercury Magnetic Clay almost killed me. I had no idea my response would be this difficult. I had had one Mercury IV chelation and it's effects made me so sick I decided to try a possible kinder gentler approach. After 10 minutes I could not right myself in the tub...I was alone. I had trouble catching my breath but that could have been panic setting in. My hands would not function to call my husband. I could not tear the taped on stopper from the bottom of the tub. I thought I was not going to live through it quite honestly. Finally after about 10 more minutes of clawing at the tape, I got a corner of the stopper up and the water drained slowly. Luckily my husband walked in right around this time and assisted taking off the stopper and used the handshower to rinse me. I then began filling the tub with cool water and within 10 minutes everything was working better and I was able to wash my hair and get out of the tub. For the next few hours I felt fantastic. I have since taken about 5 more baths still with only 1 cup and the effects lessen with each usage but I must be very careful. I no longer tape down the stopper and I guage carefully how my body is handling the clay. I do not know what it does but it is doing something. I will say that with the first bath I had been having terrible strange pains in my neck (not muscle pains) and had been undergoing IV lead chelation for months. I read that as the toxins come out of your brain they can settle in your neck and cause the pain I was having...after the first bath those were gone completely. I continue to soak up to my neck to be sure they never return.I do not know whether it is doing everything I need it to but it obviously is stirring up something in my body and has helped take away some of my pain which I am grateful for.I don't know if anyone is as sick as I have been and tried these baths but I suggest care and not being alone during them just in case. Honestly I do feel better and pray that someday I will be able to walk again though I think it will take more than the baths. Good Luck and I hope anyone trying these baths has great results. Makes sense to use your skin to detoxify through.  