review/text: I tried and it and REALLY wanted to like it. The fast shave I loved! However even after using it for 3 weeks I could not get a close enough shave to get myself to keep it. Three stars because it is not bad, it just is not great either.This IS the bump free shaver just in a different plastic body. Unless you need the made in China trimmer I would just get the black bump free one and save some money. The foils are interchangeable per Wahl and the cutters are exactly the same as well. I suspect the 5 star one also is the same other then you can't return it but get a 5 year warrantee on it. The warrantee is 3 years on the bump free while only 2 years on this one. The shavers are made in the USA so you have to like that!I have thick hairs and this powers through them like it was nothing. This and the Remington have been the only foil shavers I've found to have the power to be able to do this without the motor being taxed. To be fair it has been at least 12 years since I've used a Braun or Panasonic so maybe they are better now? After an under 3 minute shave my face feels mostly smooth. Spending an extra minute or two doesn't get any smoother. The negative was that in under 6 hours, about lunch time, I really could use a touch up shave using the super close foil. I do NOT want to shave twice a day! While that was better then a Norelco for me in half the time it was not as good as a Braun or Remington where I go all day, 8 to 10 hours before I would need a touch up. Using the Close foil resulted in needing a touch shave within 2 hours for me. The sensitive foil simply was not useful for me at all.It took a couple weeks of daily use to get those results. It really did take at least that long to get used to the shave and get okay results without irritation. In the third week there was no improvement to the closeness of the shave and I needed and wanted to stop there as I was done with it and was the last day I could still return it.I gave three stars because it was not as bad a shave as a rotary but not as close as a good foil shaver can and should be when you find the brand(s) that work for you. If this one works for you I think you'll like it after giving it time to get over the learning curve of using it and your skin adjusts to the foils. It gives probably the fastest shave of any foil out there. It is short on features but the ability to use it plugged in it does have and that by far is the most important feature to have. The foils you can buy separately and they are cheap and a cutter/foil combo is well under $20. Clearly Wahl and Remington are the value leaders!The fit and finish is the real negative. Like GM cars of the '80, the plastic pieces of the body do not give the appearance of quality and the pieces do not fit nice and flush as they do on a Braun for example even though the Braun also is all plastic. It doesn't hurt the shaver but it does look cheap. The bag is cheesy cheap as well and the charging stand literally fell apart just trying to use it. Either include nice good ones or do not include them as it just makes the package appear too cheap making the buyer suspect of the quality of the shaver as well.I love my made in USA Wahl hair clippers but not the shave I got with this shaver. Maybe they can make a different screen with holes more like the close one but a thinner screen like a Remington? Probably that would be all it would take.  