review/text: This protein works for me because it matches and exceeds the specs of the stuff that I was getting from the gym. It is a better price per volume. It has BCAAs, low sodium, low fat, low cholesterol, and no aspartame or concentrated sugars. GF says that there is a bit of an after taste so we tried Optimum Nutrition Gold which she says tastes better. I went back to using the Dymatize Elite (gourmet vanilla) because the initial taste, and overall taste in my opinion is way better. It is hard for me to detect the flavor in the Optimum Nutrition Gold product (vanilla ice cream). I will concede that there is a subtle and slight after taste to the Dymatize product but after a little use I can no longer detect it. The overall specs on the Dymatize product are better than the Optimum Nutrition product as well, given my parameters above. I am looking for a low carbohydrate product to act as a morning meal replacement. Starting the day with a low carbohydrate and high protein meal helps me avoid a blood sugar crash before lunch. My main goal is minimize weight and poor food choices brought on by low blood sugar. Another thing I like about this product is the small serving size. A smaller scoop means more servings per container and less filler. Some proteins require a larger scoop, such as Syntha-6 (more fillers, higher in sodium), to deliver the same level of protein. The best thing that you can do, is to try some of the different products paying attention to serving/scoop size and compare the container labels side by side. It is hard to find the exact specs on the web. You want something that tastes good, is soluble in water, and does not give you gas. I am very pleased with this product. The ON product has a few more servings per container, possibly due to a difference in how full they consider one scoop to be, but not a significant difference in my mind. Both are good products. I blend mine with water, fish oil, and some frozen strawberries. (BTW: My disclaimer. I am just an average Joe, so don't look to me for official nutritional advice.)  