review/text: So I have waited around a year to write this review on this amazing product. My hemorrhoids were so bad I was about to go get surgery. I was terrified of going to the bathroom for a bowel movement. Showering hurt. Flatulence hurt. I went through over 20 bottles of prep h and tucks pads. Now to my 1 month cure. It just was one thing, I decided to NUKE these things.1. increased my water intake by double ( bought 1 of those blue mini water jugs that look like the the big 5 gallon ones)2. Increased my fiber (bought FiberONE chewable tablets; I would just break 1 tablet in 4 an swallow them)3. I bought "Fargelin" Chinese pills ( took 9 a day for 1 week and decreased the does to 3 in the morning after)4. Used this amazing smelly cream "Mayinglong Musk" (smells like soil/ wet dirt) after every bowl movement or when I had an itch (a lot). instant cooling relief.5. I bought Epsom salt and would add 2 cups to the bath tub with warm water and I would soak my whole body for 20 minutes then shower and use only Johnson hypoallergenic baby wash on body every day for a month ( relaxes you body too).6. Take advil when was in moderate-severe pain as it is anti-inflammatory. ( basically everyday for 1 week in half)7. Would put Triple antibiotic + pain relief ointment just on outside of anus after using Mayinglong.8. Bought 2 pure witch hazel bottles 1 with alcohol and 1 without. Then bought those big cotton make-up pads and would alternate wiping with each witch hazel on every bowel movement ( don't get the brand medicated pads, they only contain 50% witch hazel and are more expensive)9. This is the most awkward, but so WORTH it. I bought "anuice FDA approved device" and used it once a day for two weeks before I went too sleep and when I was done with that I would use the "Mayinglong musk" cream again. This devise is inserted in the anus and it use cryotherapy to treat the hemorrhoids10. I would take 1 white oak capsule before bed.11.(optional) I would randomly use prep h with aloe-vera when I needed extra relief.I know it's a lot but this will CURE you as it did me, if your dedicated and stick to the tedious routine. At worst, it just suppresses you hemorrhoids for 1 year. I completely stopped doing all the above steps and haven't had any returns or flare ups. I have even passed those rock hard stools that feels like your being violated with no blood after wiping. Good luck hope this helps.  