review/text: Ok, so it's not like I've tried that many different brands, just a handful - for more reviews of more moustache waxes you could see the UK Handle Bar Club's site, which is a GREAT site and covers all sort of stuff for taking care of your 'stache. By the way, we need more guys to grow handlebar moustaches!Anyway, here's what I like about this product:1. It goes on easy - it's creamy and sticks to your moustache well (ok, so I've gotten a few containers that were more dried out, but if the seal is good, it's nice and smooth and creamy). This makes it very easy to style and form your 'stache and get all the hairs to stick together nicely.2. When it dries, it provides a solid, if not HARD setting for your 'stache. It keeps your 'stache exactly where you want it.3. When it is dry, you can still mold it or move it to a different shape if you want. Somtimes I want my tips up, sometimes, I like them more straight out. This gives me the ability to modify it if it didn't come out quite right when I first put it on.4. It washes off your fingers easily, so you don't end up with wax on your fingertips until it wears off.5. It washes out of your 'stache easily when you shower without leaving a residue, making it easy to get a new style in in the morning.6. Once it dries, it has almost no taste whatsoever. If you have a long 'stache, you WILL taste what is in it from time to time (or all the time) so this is an important consideration. *Please note - I say once it dries, because before then it does have a slightly unpleasant taste.7. It comes in different colors, which may be nice if you need to hide the white hairs or make them darker. I have tried the brown and have found that it DOES NOT please 'she-who-is-to-be-obeyed' because it can leave brown on the towels, washcloths, pillow cases, blankets, and anything else that comes into contact with the 'stache. Therefore: I have discovered that 'neutral' or white works PERFECTLY WELL for my needs, and in reality it simply dries clear or invisible in your 'stache.Enjoy, and use it in good health!-Jonathan  