review/text: Little kids love to explore. They love to open up doors and find out what is on the other side. They love to move things from place to place. They also love to open cabinets and either hide inside or empty out all of the contents within. About the only way to keep them out is to purchase cabinet locks and Safety 1st Cabinet Flex Lock is one of the best around.The main thing that attracted me to these locks as opposed to others is the fact that, unlike latches, these locks do not require any tools. There is no need to drill a hole in your cabinets, no need for a screwdriver, etc. The locks come two in a package and they are ready for use immediately. There is no preparation needed.Convenience is nice, and these locks certainly score points in this area. But the bottom line to most consumers is the effectiveness of the locks because even if they are very convenient, they won't do much good if they don't achieve the intended goal. And Safety 1st Cabinet Flex Locks are effective. As long as the flexible lock straps are pulled tightly so there is no "give", then kids will not be able to open the cabinets. Kids will try hard, but they quickly give up when they realize there is no way to get around this lock.I have used different types of cabinet safety locks and Safety 1st Cabinet Flex Lock is one of the better ones. However, there are still a few shortcomings with this product. Probably the greatest shortcoming is the limitations with installation. Because these locks loop around knobs or through handles, they cannot be used on cabinets without a knob or a handle. Also, the knobs and/or handles have to be close enough to each other so that the two lock straps can reach all the way to them. If the knobs are too far apart, there will be no way to use these locks. It also takes patience getting used to the procedure to open the lock. You have to press one of the side buttons and the center button at the same time. It sounds simple, but it requires getting used to.Overall, Safety 1st Cabinet Flex Locks are my favorite child safety lock for cabinets. They do have limited use since they will only work on cabinets with knobs or handles located close to each other. But when you factor in the convenience, the fact that no tools are needed, and the inexpensive cost, these child safety locks are hard to beat. They keep little ones out of unwanted places and are easily worth the low price.  