review/text: Female condomsThis is an item that does not get the attention it deserves. While most adults are familiar with male condoms, female condoms are virtually unknown. That is sad, because they are a really good idea. The female condom is a larger verson of the male condom, designed to be inserted into the vagina, and have the male penetrate in the usual fashion. There is a semi-solid but flexible ring at the closed (internal) end that helps keep the female condom in place during sex.As a male, I don't particularly like male condoms. I realize they are good for safe sex, okay but not great for birth control, inexpensive, and widely available. However, they do have some serious limitations. First and foremost, they are not very comfortable. It has been pointed out, accurately IMHO, that male condoms can even be troublesome for men built larger than average, and that includes the larger condoms. They can be quite uncomfortable, interfere with an erection, and be difficult to put on.Second, they do interfere with sexual pleasure. The male organ, unlike its female counterpart, is far more sensitive to stimulation by friction than by warmth, pressure, or vibration. Male condoms seriously decrease stimulation by friction (which can be great if you need that). The old saw about "showering in a raincoat" is not far wrong.The female condom solves both these problems. They are far more comfortable, especially for the "bigger" man, and they allow the male to experience the frictional stimulation that works best for him. They also allow the female to have control over the use of the condom, preserve the primary mechanics of stimulation for her as well, and can be far more fun to insert than a male condom is to put on.This particular brand is also latex-free, which is no small matter to many people. It is far less likely to cause irritation and can be used with a wider variety of lubricants. They might also be easier for a woman to use since she wears it herself, and doesn't have to convince a man to use a condom.It is noisier than a male latex condom (cheap sandwich bags will give you a good approximation), but who said sex is supposed to be quiet? Quiet is for libraries and funerals: sex should be loud, silly, fun, and full of laughter. What's a little noise in all that?They are a bit more expensive than male condoms, but what are your health and enjoyment worth?  