review/text: I actually do not own these exact clippers, but I do own an ancient ancestor. I just want to endorse the do-it-yourself idea and this general line of Wahl products. I bought them about 20 years ago to cut my boys hair. They were 4 and 6 and wanted a "buzz" cut for the summer. I figured these clippers would pay for themselves the first time or two that I didn't take them to the barber. That became their new summer style until they got to be teenagers. I even clipped the dog with them twice.Around 12 years ago, I had lost enough of my own hair that I decided to go that way myself. I do it more or less weekly. I find it's no problem to put on the #2 spacer and just go against the grain everywhere on my head. I just angle the clippers and trace around my ears to make that look more finished. On the back of my head, I just repeat several times and work from one side to the other, sort of like mowing a lawn so I don't miss spots.I usually enlist my wife to shave the back of my neck. It can be done with a hand mirror held behind my head with one hand, and the clippers in the other hand while looking in the bathroom mirror, but that is a little tricky since everything is reversed.The original combs, bibs, brushes, oil, and other accessories were lost, worn out, or used up long ago. I bought a bottle of clipper oil that will last the rest of my life and the clippers just keep right on buzzing.I figure that I have used my clippers for well over 500 haircuts. It started to pull hairs a bit around two years ago, and the cord was beginning to crack. The blades were just dull. Replacement blades and a cord were available from Wahl at a very reasonable cost, and changing both out was easy with just a screwdriver. Problems solved and apparently I am set for another 10 years.I think I paid $12 + $3 tip the last time I paid a barber. If I had continued to pay $15 per cut my 500+ haircuts would have cost me over $7,500. My kit cost me about $25 back in the day. Nice savings!  