review/text: I've been a nose drop addict for most of my life. No allergies or hay fever...just congestion when I lie down. 15 years ago, I had a rhinoplasty that seemed to have corrected the problem, but the effect only lasted a couple years. Since then, I haven't gone to sleep with out a hit of Afrin at bedtime. Recently, I've had to increase use of this 12 hour product (that you're not supposed to take for more than 3 days) to several times a day for congestion as well as during the night. This is considered a 'rebound' effect. Like any addictive drug,the more you use,the more you have to use to get the desired relief. A few weeks ago I began to notice blood when I blew my nose and got very concerned.My husband has used Breath Right strips since they first came out for snoring (they proved about 75% effective...he still snores if he sleeps on his back)and suggested I try them for the congestion. The reason I was reluctant is because the bridge of my nose has been rebuilt from cartiledge and the skin is very thin, so I was worried about the agressive nature of the adhesive pressing the strip into my nose. But I was desperate to kick the nose drop habit, so I finally gave the BRs a try. So far, so good! Its been almost a week and I haven't had to use any nose spray at all in my left nostril, and am down to one little drop in my right nostril before bedtime...as opposed to using the spray 4 times a day! I put the strip slightly lower than is recommended, over the fleshier part of my nose, and they still seem to work fine. No more blood...and no runny nose like I used to have from using so much nose spray! Hopefully, I'll eventually not even need that one drop I'm down to.I take them off in the shower, to minimize the pulling on the skin. When I run out of the tan, I might try the clear ones that have a less agressive adhesive. I'm giving them 4 stars instead of 5 because of the price and because they were less than 100% effective in stopping my husband's snoring (but still a major improvement). If I can permantly break the nose spray habit and reverse any damage done to my breathing passages, the cost will be well worth it.  