review/text: Been on Singulair daily for chronic sinusitis/allergic rhinitis for about 7 years (have a deviated septum and eustachian tube dysfunction to boot). In the past year I really wanted to get off of it, believing it had bad side effects. It definitely helped my breathing as an adjunct to daily Fluticasone, but more and more I was experiencing doom/gloom/anxiety esp. at bedtime. A trusted professional contact recently confided she'd just stopped taking hers. So I spent a weekend reading hundreds of "get off Singulair" postings. I was esp. struck by mommy chats re: Singulair's negative effect on kids. One wrote that her practitioner recommended Quercetin because it acted along the same pathways as Singulair. She tried it and was successful. These postings led me to check out several articles on medical websites, which led to reading Amazon reviews for Quercetin. The positive feedback there was motivating, so I ordered this brand because Dr. Weil recommended it by name (as mentioned in one review). Literally within a day of going off S. and taking Q. I regained "my old self." Gone were the overwhelming feelings of doom and night frights. I haven't had allergy-induced ear swelling and my breathing is great. I'm sleeping soundly and a I feel energized. My husband said he hadn't seen me this light of spirit in years. Part of this is simply my happiness in the achievement. It always feels good to do something you've wanted to for awhile, and trying to get off Singulair had been on my list for a long time. But I don't think the physical relief I'm getting from Quercetin is the placebo effect. Sometimes the Q. dose "wears off" without me realizing it. I take two in the morning with breakfast and two with supper. If I lose track of time and am late taking my evening dose, my chest gets phlegmy, my ears fill a bit, my nose gets congested and I start coughing. My husband and I were astounded when this first happened. I said: That's the Quercetin reminding me to take it!" This has happened a few times. I can't believe my subconscious-placebo-enabler is that potent. No, I believe Q. truly works for me on some biological level. Along with Q., I'm working hard on an anti-inflammatory nutritional regimen(I'm vegan but like many will indulge in junk). I practice the Buteyko method which my sibling said got her off asthma meds she'd been on since childhood. I also plan to try accupuncture to help manage my upper respiratory issues. I take my Q. with meals, to prevent stomach upset.  