review/text: Firstly I'd like to make a comment about razors in general. They are two main types on the market today, 1. multiple blades (Gillette is well known for that, I think they are up to 5 blades now); and 2. Electric razors, which can be rotary (e.g. Norelco) or foil (e.g. Braun). Make no mistake about it, a blade razor will ALWAYS shave closer than any electric razor, for the simple reason that the blade(s) can get right on your skin to cut the hair, while electric razor's blades are always hidden and can never cut as close. So if you are looking for a magic electric razor that shaves as close as the blades, STOP, because they don't exist, at least not yet.I got a Norelco a few months back, and this was a welcome change for me as shaving got quicker and less messy, but for some reason, my face never got used to it. No to mention how it doesn't shave nearly as close, I was getting worse razor burns from the Norelco than my usual blades. And this was while I used the Nivea lotion that came with the Norelco. The advertised pull and cut action with the Norelco is a buch of baloney, as I could feel the little stubs on my face no matter how long I shave. I gradually got irritated by the Norelco but was somewhat reluctant to go back to blades full time as I had gotten too lazy to use them everyday.The next natural step was to try the foil shavers. Like a previous reviewer, I opted to pass on the LCD display screen of 8595 and went for the cheaper but otherwise identical 8585 model instead. It was expensive but well worth the money. These Germans sure know how to make the gadgets. I always use the back of my hand to feel my chin after shaving and check how close the shave was, and this was almost as good as my Mach-3 blades and in about half the time, with no messy shaving creams and annoying cuts and burns. The foil is incredibly slick and glides across your face like Teflon and it usually takes me about 3 to 4 passes on the same area to get a satisfactory shave. It holds comfortable in your hands, and by virtual of its design, shaves much better than the rotary razors at curvy places around the chin. It also self-cleans and from the smell of the cleaning solution, I presume it self-disinfects. The cleaning station is probably too bulky to take on the road but unless you travel for more than 2 weeks, the razor really doesn't get "dirty" enough to require any cleaning. The cleaning can get really loud (much louder than the shaving), but it's a minor annoyance to me.I still enjoy a hot shave with my razor every once a while, but this Braun is definitely my default choice now. If you can spare the money to buy one, you won't regret it.  