review/text: I have a beard, so I need something reliable to keep it evenly trimmed. I wouldn't go with any other trimmer besides the Remington MB-200.The razor length is adjustable to nine different lengths with a simple scrolling wheel, so you can cut your beard and body hair down to any length you want. The blades are titanium coated, so they'll last long and there's no need to sharpen them. Cleaning is easy, too. The top opens up, and you simply blow or shake the hair out. Charging is a cinch; just plug it in and let it charge, and a charging indicator lets you know when it's finished charging.It seems that a lot of people are complaining about the life span of the razor's rechargeable battery. I'm thinking some people might have faulty razors, but this is my second one and I'm happy with the battery life. When it's new you should get a few uses out of it before you have to charge it again. Like with any rechargeable device, you should only charge it when the battery is running low for maximum battery life. After a year or so of regular use, you'll notice that you have to charge it a bit more frequently, but this is the case with all rechargable devices, so it's not that big of a deal.My only real complaint with the MB-200 is that the hinge that allows you to clean inside of the razor is plastic. It shouldn't break if you're careful with it, so just don't drop it repeatedly. Otherwise, the fact that it's plastic isn't that big of a deal, and it helps keep the cost way down. I first had an older version of the MB-200, and it lasted a few years (until Feb. 2011) until I dropped it on my bathroom floor, breaking one of the plastic hinges and one of the teeth on the comb.I should also mention that this isn't an electric/corded trimmer; it's cordless. For the best performance, you have to charge it fully before unplugging it and using it.The bottom line: If you're in the market for a rechargeable, reliable, fairly sturdy beard/body hair trimmer, then go with the Remington MB-200. I've had mine for almost six months now, and the battery is more or less as good as it was when I first opened it. It gives me a clean, even trim every time, and cleaning is easy. And for under $20, I promise you won't go wrong!  