review/text: I had torn cartilage in my right knee repaired 10 years ago with less-than-satisfactory results. I have had continued bouts of pain emanating from my knee that made walking any distance more than about three blocks almost impossible. The pain involved my entire leg, from the ankle into the lower back. Then, about a year ago, I developed plantar faciitis in my left heel. This is an extremely painful condition that practically had me hobbled altogether.Through some stroke of luck, I caught a late-night infomercial for WalkFit Platinum. I never believe these paid commercials, but in the state I was in, I figured all I had to lose was the $35 it was going to cost to try them out. So I ordered a pair.They arrived just a few days before I took my family to a nearby amusement park. I was following their break-in schedule and was only up to wearing them two hours/day, so I didn't wear them to the park, although I had them with me. Within 10 minutes, the pain in my leg had me looking for places to sit down. After an hour, I couldn't take it any more. I slipped the supports into my sneakers and stood up. No pain. We started walking around. No pain. We stayed several more hours, walking and standing as circumstances dictated. No pain, other than a slight discomfort in the arches of my feet. It was unbelievable.I don't pretend to know why these little pieces of plastic (or vinyl or whatever they are) provided such dramatic, immediate relief. I don't know that anyone else will experience the same relief I did. All I know is what they did for me, and it is almost miraculous. I am back to walking a couple of miles every day, like I used to before the knee surgery. Once in a great while, I still get a little pain in my knee, but it is not nearly as bad as it used to be. 98% of the time, there is no pain at all. That's all day, every day.When I switch shoes and forget to transfer my magic insoles, the plantar faciitis and the knee pain both flare up in short order, so I know what these are doing for me even now, almost a year later.I can not even begin to express the amount of relief this product has provided to me. I was in almost constant pain and had all but given up on ever walking normally without further corrective surgery. I started using WalkFit and it was like having a pain switch suddenly turned off. I'll never be without them again.This was easily the best $35 I ever spent in my life and would have been a bargain at 10 times that price.  