review/text: I started taking Natures Pearl supplement a little over a month ago after battling Crohns disease for 8 years as well as Fibromyalgia and high blood pressure. I had been to half a dozen specialists, taken more medications than I can count and participated in numerous drug studies looking for something to put me into remission or at the least stabilize my symptoms. I had undergone a small bowel resection as well as other surgeries for my Crohns and nothing helped. My fibromyalgia on top of it was so painful I could hardly walk at times. I felt as if I'd gone from 31 years old to 80. I couldn't participate in family activities, functions and could barely get through a simple work day. Two days after I started Natures Pearl (which I had started reluctantly since I'd already tried every natural and prescription remedy with no luck) I woke up and felt incredibly good. At first I assumed it was some kind of fluke and I actually had a good day after over a year of suffering with these painful symptoms. After a week of waking up completely rested, absolutely NO pain from the Fibromyalgia and no more stomach pain from my Crohns I was convinced it had to be from these supplements. I have never experienced anything like this from anything I've tried...no more swelling in my feet, legs and hands. My moods in general were noticeably improved. What amazed me the most was the fact that I was actually able to stop several of my medications, my anti-anxiety, anti-depressant, diuretic, prescription sleep aid...I've been so alert, and well rested every morning and tired and ready for bed by 10pm (with NO sleep aids, OR caffeine!!). I am actually saving over $70 a month on prescriptions alone that I no longer need! Undoubtedly I signed up right away to become a distributor with the confidence and my own personal testimony I KNEW if this helped me it could do wonders for other people. I recently started a severe diabetic on NP and his blood sugar has stayed at 90 and lower! I started my 10 year old daughter after I found toxic ingredients listed on both of our vitamins, she has already brought her grades up at school, has a great attitude and has said herself how much more alert she feels at school instead of that "bored and groggy" feeling.I wish I'd known about this product a lot sooner, I would have started my father on it in a heartbeat who suffered with Rheumatoid Arthritis and passed away from cancer almost a year ago. I have no doubt that this supplement would have done wonders for him as well.The skin care products are just as impressive, even though I've never been big into exfoliating and moisturizing like most woman my age I have actually seen a huge difference in just my hands, after working in the medical field and constantly washing my hands they normally felt like sandpaper. I use the lotion everyday now and no matter how much I was my hands I seem to maintain normal, soft skin.Needless to say I would HIGHLY recommend this product to anyone of any age. I think we ALL know someone who could benefit from this product whether it just be for energy, anxiety, skin care or more frustrating health problems as I had mentioned in my testimony.[...]  