review/text: I have my daily dose of milk, but I don't really eat fish so I don't always get a good amount of protein in my diet. I started taking Whey earlier this year, but it was the BodyTech Vitamin Shoppe stuff. Essentially tasted like flavored splenda and mixed in fairly well though there was some clumps on the side of the cups. It was only 18g of protein per scoop but it did the job and I noticed an immense boost in my stamina. Not "I can lift 100lbs. more than I could before!" but more along the lines of doing more sets and just feeling tired instead of exhausted. What I like the most about Whey is you can neglect your diet a bit, have some Whey, and still get in a good workout.That being said, I bought the ON brand this time and have found a couple things I like more. First, its still in a 5 lb. tub but there is more protein in each scoop which means more servings. So now I just use a half scoop in the morning, half scoop shortly before my workout, and a full scoop after. When your working out 5 days a week and you drop 5 scoops, it adds up. HOWEVER, it only adds up if you get this stuff on the cheap like when you can find it for $35-$40. I went into GNC and they had this marked up to $53 + tax!Secondly, it mixes in WAY better than the Bodytech stuff. Not to say the Bodytech Whey was bad (my worst experience being with powdered Slim Fast shakes, what a clump fest without the aids of a blender), but with ON, 5-8 seconds of stirring its completed mixed in with a spoon and no clumps. Upon consumption, you'll only notice a light filament sparsely covering the sides.Last, it tastes great...in milk. It actually has some flavor to it, like a better tasting version of those pre-made milk shakes you can get at a gas station or convenient store but with almost no sugar and very healthy for you. As for its taste in water...anything less than a full scoop is fairly weak and fairly gross. This is for the Vanilla kind (can't speak for the Double Chocolate).I'm still trying to find a balance though with this and food. What works great in the mornings (for me at least) is some wheat toast, strawberries, and one of these in milk and it puts me off to a great and energetic morning. Using this as a meal replacement is ILL ADVISED. You will lose weight a lot quicker than you can imagine and really not put on any muscle (which for me is the point). Also, neglecting your diet too much combined with this results in an accelerated weight gain, but not in the muscle department, more so in the fat department. This only happened to me when I was eating out like 3 days a week.Overall, I can say ON gets the praise it deserves. It mixes in well, so your not wasting any of your powder that you bought, tastes great, and really helps with muscle fatigue. Compared to the Bodytech stuff, they seemed to work about the same so to me Whey is just Whey, but I would still pay the little bit extra for the more protein in each scoop and the better taste any day of the week.  