review/text: Right so I'll give you my personal experience of zantrex so far. Ive never written a review so excuse the long essay lool! Ive only been on this stuff for a week so still early days, but here go's.So I ordered this stuff from the US (I'm from London) after hearing about snooki and britney etc. I knew the recommended dose was 2 pills 15 mins before each meal, but after reading the reviews, I thought I'd ease my body into it and start with one pill in the morning and at lunch, 2 pills the next morning and 1 at lunch and so on.On day 1, I took one pill as I was getting ready for work in the morning, followed by a small bowl of porridge. I felt the effects pretty quickly.. My heart started suddenly picking up (which freaked me out a lil bit, but I got over it) and I felt a 'kick' of steady energy - and can i just say, you definitely do feel a kick!! :-) I left my house and my usual 15 minute stroll to the tube station took 8 mins!! Had masses of energy off the one pill!!But as the days went on and I began increasing my pill intake, I felt continuous waves of nausea which made it a bit difficult to cope at work. I carry a massive bottle of water with me everywhere so loads of water in between the pills helps with nausea alot!! I work on a computer all day at work, and when i take it at my desk, i notice the effects (increased heartbeat and slight jitteryness/shakey hands) alot more than when Im up on my feet and busy.. So i would advise doing something active after you've eaten - if the pill doesn't get you up and moving anyway then there's something wrong with ya!! Oh and one weird thing I experienced while taking the pill without doing something active, colours got a lot more intense as I felt the 'kick' looool - sound like a druggie!Although I've increased my doseage, I have never taken 6 pills in one day (as recommended) because I'd provably throw up - and this is coming from someone with a particularly strong stomach. So i wouldnt do that. Stick to 4 a day - if that. Also, definitely avoid taking it after 3pm or YOU WILL NOT sleep! I took 1 pill around 6pm with my dinner and my eyes LITERALLY would not stay closed when I went to bed. Infact, I only got 3 hours sleep that night - which is pretty lucky. What if I had taken 2 pills?!I haven't started working out yet as pay day is this Friday - broke times- so I'll be paying my membership at the gym soon and I'll be taking it before I work out. However,I have been eating fairly balanced meals (e.g porridge for breakfast, low fat prawn and mayo sandwich & fruit for lunch, and hot soup with yogurt for dinner) and I must say I've lost a bit already.. In a week.. With no exercise except making my way to and from work on public transport. So I'm looking forward to taking it with exercise!!!So to sum up...*Do not take the recommended doseage straight away - ease your body into it. Try to take no more than 4 pills a day, or be prepared to handle the nausea and/or insomnia*Dont take it late in the day!!*Drink a hell of a lot of water both with the pill and in between dosages to avoid feeling sick*EAT PROPERLY!! If you avoid carbs and/or eat rabbit food you will feel absolutely horrible!*Put the hard work in. Eat balanced meals and work out!! I haven't started excercising yet, but running up and down escalators and on/off the tube was enough to make a small but noticable difference after just ONE week.. Imagine if I was working our properly :-DHope this helps!!  