review/text: I initially added an Omega-3 (with CoQ10, DHA, EPA, and L-Carnitine Fumarate) formula to the supplements I take, then later this Beet Root product. I added Beet Root because research has indicated that it dialates the blood vessels, lowering blood pressure and allowing for increased oxygen intake (and an according boost in energy) when exercising. My blood pressure readings have been almost, but not quite, at the pre-hypertension level.I bicycle, and run on an elliptical. After two months of Omega-3 plus one month of this Beet Root, I'm able to put forth an additional effort. I am able to ride about 5% faster on my bike, and run about 5% faster on the elliptical. I haven't extended my bicycle rides, or run for longer periods on the elliptical. I'm riding the same distance and running for the same time as before. And I'm just as tired when my exercise is over ;) But I am able to go about 5% faster.Sometimes there is a "placebo effect". You think you should improve, so you do even though the supplement is worthless. But having tried a different CoQ10 + L-Carnitine Fumarate supplement recently that did absolutely NOTHING for me - advertised as an energy booster, but I got ZERO boost - I think I can identify whether this supplement truly makes a difference or is a waste of money.I noticed an initial slight improvement with the Omega-3 (about 2.5%), then an additional slight improvement (another 2.5%) when I added this Beet Root. Considering my recent experience with the other supplement that did nothing for me, I doubt I'm experiencing a "placebo effect" with what I'm taking now.So, I feel slightly, but noticeably, stronger since adding these supplements. I'm purchasing this Beet Root supplement through Amazon's 'subscribe and save' program. I'm going to continue my subscription.Update, April 4, 2012: I had my first doctor's appointment since adding this supplement. Doc took my BP, I asked what it was, and his response was "excellent", which is something I haven't heard in years. Maybe this supplement gets some credit, maybe not, but what I'm doing is obviously working and I'm not going to change. I will continue my subscription.Update #2, September 25, 2012: Just came from my second doctor's appointment (I go every 6 months). BP again low.It's been about 7 months since I wrote my initial review. I feel even stronger today. The weather this summer was great for cycling, and that was 95% of my exercise. Over the summer, I slowly increased the length and speed at which I ride (today: 25% further and 10% faster). I also notice improved strength otherwise: I mow my lawn (push mower) faster; not having to re-fill the gas tank is proof. If I go for a lunchtime walk with co-workers, when we hit a steep hill I notice my heart rate and breathing are less affected than they were before. Etc.Note that I take other supplements: a multi-vitamin, the above-mentioned Omega-3 supplement, and others. I watch what I eat as well. I don't know how much credit this particular supplement should get overall. I can tell you that the combination of diet, exercise, and supplements, including this supplement, works for me.This will be my last update to this review unless I learn something negative about this supplement. Best of luck to you in reaching your health goals.  