review/text: I'm not sure where the S-shaped massage tool originated, but the Japanese have been using them for quite a while. Some of the more modern ones, consist of an S-shaped metal rod, with a small wooden ball at each end of the `S'. Made of plastic, the Body Back Buddy (BBB) takes this basic idea and refines it, by adding handles and an assortment of pressure points, and nubs to stimulate various trigger points in the body.Some thought evidently went into the design, but the effectiveness of any particular pressure point or technique, will differ between individuals. Finding out what works for you, is mostly a process of experimentation. Body Back's website provides additional information, like a pressure point chart and illustrations and videos showing how the BBB can be used, but it's up to you to try different things. When experimenting with various positions, it's probably advisable to leave some clear space around you, as it is possible that you might accidentally swing the BBB into something.Made of heavy duty plastic, the BBB seems very sturdy, and is backed by a lifetime warranty. The two straight handles added to the S-shaped main frame, are a good idea, as they provide convenient places to grip and apply pressure. It may work for some, but in my case, the sharp points usually cause too much pain and chafe my skin. Jamming a tennis ball on the end of the S curve, provides a nice round surface that works pretty well for on my shoulders and back, which is probably the area of the body the BBB is best suited for. The sharp points may work better, when there is a thick layer of flesh between the surface of the skin and the bone.While the BBB works pretty well, the story is different for the Mini Self Massage Tool, which is designed for the back. It's not constructed of the same thick plastic as the BBB, and is more prone to bending when even a moderate amount of pressure is applied. If you pull on it hard, it feels like it could snap, which might be very dangerous. Again, the sharp point on the tool causes pain, so I also jammed a tennis ball on it. The results are a little better, but still not that great. This tool is more useful delivering soft blows on the back, rather than in applying pressure at a specific point. If you sit on a chair, put it on your shoulder and lean back with the ball in the shoulder blade area, it can do some good. The Mini Tool only costs five dollars more, but you might want to get just the BBB alone.With the tennis ball modification, I find the BBB to be helpful in relieving stress and pain, mostly in my neck, shoulders, and back. It is supposed to help in other areas of the body, but so far I haven't had solid results anywhere else. The large S-shaped frame does allow you to have the leverage to apply a decent amount of pressure, which can be very helpful in treating pain. The BBB may work for you as designed, but using it with the tennis ball modification is crucial for me. I can often get some relief, just using a tennis ball alone. It's simple to use, inexpensive, and really can produce remarkable results. While there are many places a tennis ball won't work, you might want to try using one first, before investing in something like the BBB.  