review/text: EXPERIENCE: When I think about a digital device, the first thing that comes to mind is complexity. This is not necessarily a good thing, because you want a device that works easily and is user friendly. The monitor unit, cuff, power adaptor, and manual, all come in a nice protective case. All I had to do was hook up the power for the monitor, insert the cuff hose into the unit, and attach the cuff to my left arm. Make sure that the cuff is not too tight on your arm, you should be able to get one finger in between the cuff and your arm.I have been very happy with this BP monitor because, all I have to do once I got it hooked up, and got the cuff on, is to hit the start button once to turn it on, and once more to start the BP checking process. The monitor will automatically pump up the cuff to a recommended amount, and after about 20-seconds, the process will be complete. The thing to remember is, just like the nurse who checks your BP at the doctors office, and needs to hear your pulse with the stethoscope, this monitor needs to hear yours as well. If there is anything in the room making loud noise, this monitor will naturally, error out, and you will have to repeat the process 2-minutes later.Because of all the work I have been doing lately with tracking down and stopping my high blood pressure, I sort of feel like I am an expert. Anytime you move your body or do anything, your BP will go up. So, I recommend that you sit for 5-minutes before taking your BP. Have your feet flat on the ground, with your left arm at the level of your heart. After sitting for 5-minutes, take your BP. If you see a reading that seems high, even for you, go ahead and turn the unit off, wait another 5-minutes, and take it again. If the second check is lower, that's the accurate reading.CONCLUSION: I think that this is a pretty accurate monitor, but it can get your BP wrong sometimes on the first attempt. A part of this could be yourself, if you were moving a lot prior to the reading. So this is why I recommend always checking your BP twice, to make sure you have the accurate reading. Other then that, I think this is a nice BP monitor and would recommend it for use by both young folks, and senior citizens.  