review/text: Magnesium is associated with prostate cancer, diabetics and muscle cramps. It is unlikely to get too much magnesium from food alone, but can get too much magnesium from supplements. I have an extremely healthy diet but still after few blood tests it seems that I need to increase my magnesium to avoid muscle cramp when surfing and doing other sports. I do not take any other pills or medicine for any condition at all. So;1. I consume magnesium citrate not oxide. Magnesium citrate is more easily absorbed and for that reason priced higher than magnesium oxide. Magnesium citrate can be chelated, which means attached to an organic acid, such as citrate and considered more absorbable than non-chelated varieties.2. I only purchase 100% magnesium citrate in powder form to avoid all additives from soy to maltodextrin to artificial ingredients in producing any form of pill and identified as vegetarian additives. No need to consume vegetables in pills. Furthermore enteric coating (the outer layer of a tablet or capsule that allows it to pass through the stomach and be dissolved in the small intestine) of a magnesium compound can decrease bio-availability. Now Foods and Swanson 100% powders are priced the same for the same amount of magnesium citrate,3. Fat blocks magnesium so it works fine for me since I am on a low fat, no salt diet so Instead of 400+ mg or so recommended, I only consume less than 200 mg a day with a healthy diet of sardines, sprats, salmon, avocado, almonds, nuts, sesame-flax seed, beans etc. high in magnesium and all other minerals. Almonds are the highest in magnesium and one ounce offers me 22% of my daily requirement. I place few almonds in a cup of water every night for the next day consumption, the best snack on biking trails,4. Magnesium which 50% are stored in my bones, acts as laxative and calcium increases constipation. Oxide is what is used in laxatives not citrate. Dietary magnesium is absorbed in the small intestines. Magnesium is excreted through the kidneys. So I only take it few hours after a full meal since that way it goes to muscles instead of joints,5. Limited amount, powder form without additives, few hours, after a full meal will insure the possibility of increasing my magnesium levels with the least amount of damage to my kidneys. Taking with food goes to the bones. Few hours after meal goes to the muscles. I take calcium powder the same time too once in a while. I never take it on regular basis and never more than one day a week since it can be addictive to the bowl movement.  