review/text: I was skeptical of the Osteo Bi-Flex claims of benefits, particularly of the 7 day improvement , however, after using it for about a week, I can attest to the remarkable effects. Osteo Bi-Flex is the only brand to feature the revolutionary formulation of ingredients in Joint Shield(tm), with patent-pending ingredient 5-LOXIN Advanced(tm). Taking 5-LOXIN Advanced(tm) showed improvement in joint comfort within 7 days.1 Joint Shield(tm) with 5-LOXIN Advanced(tm) works to guard against the action of enzymes that affect joint health.* 5-LOXIN Advanced(tm) is a super concentrated extract of Boswellia serrata, which helps with joint flare-ups.*Osteo Bi-Flex self reports that it is manufactured under the strictest standards for product purity and potency. It is made exclusively with naturally sourced Glucosamine.A publication discussing the use of glucosamine sulfate and chondroitin sulfate (the most common forms of the supplements) to treat knee osteoarthritis was published in the July 14, 2003, issue of The Archives of Internal Medicine. The publication reviewed the best studies from 1980 to 2002, and concluded: "Our results demonstrated a highly significant efficacy of glucosamine on all outcomes, including joint space narrowing." The paper also found chondroitin "effective" on several outcomes measures, and added, "Safety was excellent for both compounds." One of the most discussed glucosamine study was published in a medical journal in 1999, and involved a group of Navy SEALS. The study authors noted: "Osteoarthritis is not unexpected in this occupational setting, given the history of high levels of activity and trauma."The publication presented SEALS as study subjects who all suffered from knee osteoarthritis before beginning a proper (double blind, randomized) 16-week study. Half of the subjects took a supplement containing glucosamine hydrochloride, chondroitin sulfate, and manganese ascorbate and the other half took a placebo. "The relief of knee discomfort was the most important finding of this study," the researchers concluded. "Knee osteoarthritis symptoms were relieved" for the SEALS who took the supplements, That assessment was determined by both by questioning the patients and by examining their knees.My personal experience is similar. My left knee no longer clicks (damaged meniscus) with the frequency that it did for a half-dozen years and I can do squatting and lunging exercises without pain now. As a result I can again weight train regularly to rehabilitate and strengthen my legs. I'm knocking 55 and looking forward to an upcoming week of skiing in Colorado now. If your not allergic to shellfish, try it yourself. I am confident that you will realize the value and benefits of Osteo Bi-Flex Triple Strength.Keep in mind: The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) does not regulate dietary supplements in the same way it regulates medicines. A dietary supplement can be sold with limited or no research on how well it works.Always tell your doctor if you are using a dietary supplement or if you are thinking about combining a dietary supplement with your conventional medical treatment. It may not be safe to forgo your conventional medical treatment and rely only on a dietary supplement. This is especially important for women who are pregnant or breast-feeding.When using dietary supplements, please note: Like conventional medicines, dietary supplements may cause side effects, trigger allergic reactions, or interact with prescription and nonprescription medicines or other supplements you might be taking. A side effect or interaction with another medicine or supplement may make other health conditions worse.The way dietary supplements are manufactured may not be standardized. Because of this, how well they work or any side effects they cause may differ among brands or even within different lots of the same brand. The form of supplement that you buy in health food or grocery stores may not be the same as the form used in research.Other than for vitamins and minerals, the long-term effects of most dietary supplements are not known. For further information to some research and consult your doctor.  