review/text: I have used Lavilin underarm deodorant for several years in the black box and black jar . It only allowed a very light sweat and when I applied it it lasted at least 3 days before I started to smell an odor again.I recommended it to a lot of people.I loved it!!!Then several months ago they said they changed the packaging but had the same great product.Well, I was almost out of it in the black package so I re-ordered for myself and my college aged daughter who has used it for a few years also. Within days I knew that it was NOT the same product I used to use. It went on smoother then the old one. True, "okay, that's good I thought", but very quickly I noticed it allowed me to sweat a LOT more VS the old product that only allowed a very light sweat.Also if I apply it on Monday, by Tuesday evening my under arms smell bad again. I shower 3- 4 times a day .Vs before if I applied it Monday morning I started to smell only a slight odor by Wednesday nightThen my daughter told me( without me saying anything to her first) that hers in the new package is NOT working as well as it did in the black packaging. Before she only had a very light sweat and she had no odor for 5 days. Now, by the third day she said has terrible odor and immediately after applying it she said she sweats so profusely that it soaks up the under arm area of her sleeves.She's really upset about the change because this worked so magically for us before.Now I have to carry a folded up napkin in my purse to keep swiping the sweat under my arms or they slip and slide. That NEVER happened with the old product.I KNOW they changed it. I recently found a black jar of the old product with a few applications worth in it. I had left in a suitcase when I had went on vacation and forgot about it.So, I applied it to my underarms and lo and behold! I only had a light sweat and no odor again for three days. I used the last two applications of it up and then had to go back to my new White jar that went on smoother. Back to sweating profusely after applying it and stinking again by the next night.I wish they would go back to the stronger thicker product.I'd gladly pay more for it. As it is now. I will stop using it and my daughter and I are going to the health food store to try and find something else. Sad after all these years to have to stop using it. I can't stand the constant slipping and sliding under my arms due to profuse sweating and then to be smelly again within 30 hours after applying it VS the 3 days it used to last.Hlavilin Industries Ltd. PLEASE bring back the old Product or you're going to lose a lot of customers.  