review/text: I just love these kits! I also have the .9 and the pocket survival. This kit is perfect for at work. All my meds were dated from 2013 to 2015! The items inside are good quality from Dukal ace bandage type to Jaybird & Mais cloth tape just as good as Coach to me. The splinter/tic removers are small but very good quality. The band-aids are from Genuine first aid company, and are fabric type with pretty good adhesive. The gauze pads are nice quality as well.I own quite a few first aid kits from Johnson & Johnson who's band-aids rock! To kits From REI and a nice sports refill from Survival metrics, up to full EMT kits for home use. Choosing the right kit does take a little time. Fist and most important is to figure out you use of it? home, car, work, outdoors, a mommy boo boo kit or survival or minor surgery out in the woods or?? as all kits are very different in price, size and quality. The most pieces for the money usually gets you poor quality items. Not all kits will fit your needs perfectly so aim for the closest and add as you need. Soft kits are great for hiking or if in a safe place were not to get squished! A hard case is perfect in the car or house in case it gets tossed around.So far, this kit has the best quality bags inside and out. They show 2 bags which is not for the .7 kit, this kit is ONE bag of items. The .9 is two bags with room for your own stuff as well. I added meds to this pack as you get 3 ibuprofen, 1 aspirin, and 2 antihistamines. Hiking in the sun can bring a few headaches, so the more people the more meds. As far as the Moleskin it says pre-cut and shaped, not in my pack, I got 1 square sheet of it, that's it. The tincture of benzoin topical adhesive was also missing as a few butterfly's as well, but they have great customer service- so no problem. Also check your kit thoroughly as the company will substitute items as needed to keep production going, so you might be missing one thing but have something else that's not listed on pack to make up for it.Bottom line: Worth the money & Great quality!  