review/text: At the outset, I must confess that I have very crowded teeth and an angled overshot bite. Dentist after dentist has recommended that I go through years of orthodontal treatment. However, in my late forties, I am not motivated enough for this ordeal.Given the above situation, it is imperative (and very difficult) for me to keep my teeth clean. The best way is to floss diligently on a daily basis, which I am mostly too lazy to do.Several years ago I purchased the Oral B Excel 3D power toothbrush. This brush is still going strong (albeit with reduced battery pereformance) and has now been bequeathed to my wife, who has near perfect teeth. The Oral Excel brush did wonders to my teeth and gums, allowing me to narrowly escape tooth loss and gum disease.Recently, I decided to acquire a newer power toothbrush. I researched the Phillips sonicare product and the Oral-B Triump 9400. The Phillips uses special toothbrush cartridges - it has received very good reviews. Unfortunately, it is a rather big and unwieldy brush; not quite the product for a business traveller making constant trips abroad with aircraft cabin luggage space constraints.With the Phillips ruled out, I purchased this Oral B brush from Amazon. The price was very competitive compared to local merchants in the Houston area. The new brush is larger than the Oral Excel 3D. It has a very large charging base that can be removed and stored when travelling light - nice feature. The little LCD panel gives you a smiley figure if you brush longer than 2 minutes. Toothpaste is applied externally unlike the Phillips cartridge system.My first attempt at using the brush was very positive - the brush handle has heft and the head feels strong on the teeth and gums, much more so than the Oral 3D Excel. I did not have any bleeding problems unlike some other reviewers. After a week of use or so, I could feel that my teeth and gums felt cleaner and healthier.The spotlight reviewer here has amply detailed many of the features of the brush. I have yet to use the polish mode but plan to do so soon. The heads are very expensive but about two months of daily use does not seem to have visibly deteriorated my first cleaning head. The LCD panel is supposed to tell you when the head needs replacement.I visited my dentist last week after over one year. He said that my teeth and gums were in good shape and just needed superficial cleaning. No mention of orthodontal treatment!If this brush can do wonders for my crowded teeth, it will do miracles for yours! Highly recommended.  