review/text: Spiru-Tein contains energizing ingredients and this powder blends into a delicate lime-tinged shake when mixed with milk, soy milk or Rice Dream. I like using double the milk or juice because it makes the shake much more palatable and decreases the taste of Whey. I prefer the taste of soy protein, but this shake has many benefits and the whey taste is hardly noticeable.Whey is a highly respected source of branched-chain amino acids. The amino acids found in this product include: Isoleucine, Histidine, Leucine, Arginine, Lysine, Aspartic Acid, Methionine, Serine, Cysteine, Glutamic Acid, Threonine, Proline, Phenylalanine, Glycine, Tryptophan, Alanine, Valine and Tyrosine.Amino acids aid in the production of hormones, neurotransmitters and enzymes. There are essential amino acids that cannot be synthesized by the body and when your body is lacking in even one amino acid, it can have a negative effect on your health. This product provides essential and nonessential amino acids.This powder not only has a broad profile of essential vitamins and minerals, it is filled with diet-aids (Lecithin, Spirulina, Choline and Inositol) and enzymes (Bromelain and Papaya). You also get the added benefit of cleansing ingredients (Chlorophyll) and Fiber (Bran, Cellulose and Apple Pectin).Ingredients: Micro-filtered whey protein concentrate, fructose, di-calcium phosphate, xanthan gum, vanilla flavor, fructooligosaccharides (FOS - supports the growth of probiotics/healthy bacteria), guar gum, psyllium, maltodextrin, potassium citrate, magnesium oxide, microcrystalline cellulose, spirulina, vitamin C, vitamin E acetate, choline bitarate (plays a role in the metabolism of fats), inositol (helps the liver process fats), apple pectin, bee pollen, niacinamide, vitamin A palmitate, zinc oxide, manganese sulfate, ferrous fumarate, calcium pantothenate, lecithin, lemon bioflavonoids (from lemons and an important for collagen formation), papaya (digestive enzyme), bromelain, chlorophyll, pyridoxine HCL, riboflavin, thiamine HCL, vitamin B-12, ergocalciferol (a form of Vitamin D), folic acid, biotin, potassium iodine, chromium chloride, sodium selenite, sodium molybdate...and LOVE. No really, they list Love as an ingredient.While you don't need a blender, I'd recommend a shaker. I find this blends well with a variety of ingredients. You may enjoy making your own shake variations in the blender. This powder tastes best when blended with very cold juice or milk.You may also want to try the Chocolate and Strawberry varieties. You can drink a shake before or after a workout or drink a shake daily to nourish your body with high-quality nutrients. Nature's Plus is a company that is known for their dedication to quality. They have 21 quality control procedures to ensure the potency of their products. Not only do they use the highest quality raw materials from reputable suppliers, they also take great care to produce products with only all-natural ingredients.If you enjoy this product, I have a feeling you will love the All-One Nutritech products. They have an incredible Fruit Antioxidant Dietary Supplement and a rather tasty Totally Fiber Product you can sprinkle on yogurt.Also try the "Tangerine Dream" soy protein powder withorange juice. That is one of the most delicious proteinpowders to mix with orange juice.~The Rebecca Review  