review/text: I do a lot of traveling in out of the way places in foreign countries where the water conditions are not all that sanitary. I carry these condoms in my pack and in my pocket where ever I travel. When I need them, I need them fast and I am certainly not going to miss out on a lot of good refreshment and fine parties simply because I was too stupid to go trekking about without protection. Being a woman...I have to provide these for myself so often. A girl simply has to watch out for herself these days!I like these because they are thin, they hold a surprisingly large amount, they are lightly lubricated and they do not leave an after taste in your mouth. You need not empty the things when finished, nor do you have to wash them out...just tie off the top and pitch them.To prevent all sorts of diseases, in particularly of the gastrointestinal tract, I never drink water, or mixed drinks for that matter, with out using them. I like my water and other drinks cold! So often you can get water or a drink but it is warm and the only way to cool it down is add ice! NOT a good idea as the ice is often contaminated. Rather than ruin the taste of the drink, I simply order it without ice and then order the ice separate, either in another glass or bowl. I then remove the ice (crushed works best, although cubes work fine if small) and fill a condom with the ice. I then dangle the ice filled condom in my drink and dip it in and out, in and out, in and out, in and out and Walla! Cold drink! It even works on a warm glass of beer! Unless the thing breaks, you have absolutely no chance of contamination.Because of the light lubrication you do not get an oil slick on the top of your drink. I have never had one break. Of course if I am extemely hot and need a lot, I double up and use two of them.Once finished with our refreshing pause, you can discretely wrap them in a napkin (or if you are the crude sort...toss them on the floor) and leave.I suppose these things could be used for male protection during the sexual act, or acts, as the case may be...but what a waste that would be of a great health product!  