review/text: Though I am a doctor, this review should not be interpreted as medical advice as I am not aware of your personal risk of heart disease. The decision to buy one of these is up to you and your physician. Below I explain why I am considering betting one of these, factors that may influence your decision to by one for your home, and why as a business owner you may want to get one.I do not own this product but am looking to get one for my car/home. I am doing so because as a physician I have saved lives with these devices in the hospital. I know how critical it is to rapidly correct short circuits in the largest portion of the heart, called the ventricles. These short circuits, known as v tach or v fib can only be reliably fixed within several minutes of onset. Even if you dial 911 it may be too late by the time paramedics arrive.On the other hand the chance that any single person will need one of these devices is low. And the cost is not cheap!Things that you may want to factor into your decision to buy one of these devices is whether you have someone in your family who is at moderate risk for heart disease and short circuits. For example someone with a prior heart attack but who still has a strong heart might consider having one of these (people with weak hearts may actually want to have a defibrillator implanted into their skin). If you live alone this would not be a wise choice since someone else will need to use if on you. I think it would be wise to be trained in Basic Life Saving if you want to use this devise to prevent inappropriate use that may be harmful. Also you definitely need to keep this out of the reach of kids.So if you are someone at risk for a short circuit of your heart, live with someone who can get trained in life saving, have the money, and especially if you live a long way from a paramedic, think about buying one of these devices. Things such as food, medication, heat are much more important however.If you own/run a business with customers or employees over 50 years old, such as a health club or restaurant, get one and get trained. You could save the life of a customer or employee, which is wonderful in many ways. I also guarantee you there is a lawyer waiting for one of your patrons to have a heart attack and die at your business and sue you for millions because "you were too cheap" to buy one of these. So both from a humanity, good business, and liability standpoint this is a wise investment for a business owner.  