review/text: I've been using this toothbrush for about 3 months now. Previously, I had a much cheaper $30 Oral B electric brush. Even at such a high price, this toothbrush is great.First, the brush has four different pulse settings, so you can also massage your gums, and polish your teeth. I did not find the massage feature very useful at all though, and just use the normal "clean" setting for my gums. The brush also comes with a polishing head that looks just like what your dentist has. I've used it a few times, but not enough to tell if it's working. The instructions for this brush weren't very detailed and I'm unsure of when to use it. Do you use it every day? Do you use it instead of the regular brushing? The manual doesn't say.Another nice feature is that it comes with a traveling case with room to hold extra brush heads. My old electric brush didn't do this so it's nice to be able to take this on long trips.The normal brush head is great. It has four rubber strips on the sides that are used for flossing. I've actually stopped flossing since getting this brush because it feels like these things are doing it for me. I'm not sure if you even need to floss with this brush. The other great thing is that the brush can actually determine wear in the different heads and tells you when it's time to replace one. Although after 3 months I haven't had to do that yet and the brush still looks fine. The brush also has a visual indicator like most brushes that shows you wear.Probably the best thing about this brush is how much it motivates me to brush my teeth. Before I usually brushed my teeth once a day, sometimes twice, for about 30 seconds. With this brush, I now brush at least twice a day for 2-3 minutes each time. It has a digital 2:00 timer on the brush, and gives you a warning every 30 seconds. What this does is allow you to brush your teeth in 4 different quadrants. By focusing on a quadrant for 30 seconds (which most dentists recommend), I find that it's much easier to brush for 2 minutes and the time goes by much more quickly, and I don't get bored. This is the main thing that makes the brush so great. Plus, you're ensuring an even brushing over all your teeth. The visual display is somewhat useless because you can't see it while brushing. This makes it difficult to change the brush mode, since the brush has to be on for you to change it. You pretty much have to just memorize the brush settings order, because toothpast flies everywhere if you take the brush out of your mouth to put it on a different settings. This wasn't very well thought out by Oral B.I would definitely recommend this brush to anyone thinking about getting it who may be hesitant of the price. I have seen noticeable whitening of my teeth since using it and have received several compliments.  