review/text: While I don't eat any particular diet plan, I have lost 40 pounds over the years working in organic raw foods, lots of vegetarian meals, low carb phases to kick the sweet tooth, etc. I never stick to any one thing, though, but I do count calories. I've tried so many, assorted protein powders--Designer Whey, Melaleuca's brand, BSN, ProtiDiet, WonderSlim, EAS, Myoplex, MetRx, and a bunch over the years that I've totally fogotten-- and some are cloying, some bitter, some weird tasting, some tasty but hard to mix, etc. Since I like doing a protein-antioxidant blend of products for my pre-workout breakfast to keep reflux at bay when I'm upside down or curling up in Pilates (ie, putting pressure on the intestines, abdomen), a liquid breakfast works best for me. AND...for when I am hungry between meals, I like protein shakes/mixes, too.However, so many of them are loaded with weird stuff or have a ton of calories.This one by Solgar I decided to try after reading the recent Consumer Reports article on contaminated protein powders. I also was happy that its NOT SOY BASED. (I am not euthyroid, so I'd rather eat my soy than drink it, as I like tofu, and I need to watch my soy intake.)It has a very light texture and taste--very light nice vanilla, not cloying, not "trying to be like a sweet milkshake" taste. Mixes up perfectly in a shaker cup (no sticking-to-bottom bits or clumped floaters). Goes down easy and fast. No aftertaste. This is a perfect high-protein base for me to add my own additives (fruit, yogurt, raw organic cacao powder, whatever I want.)And how nice that I'm not getting dosed with cadmium, lead or arsenic, like with some of the other brands I've tried that the report highlighted as dangerous. (If you're drinking Muscle Milk, BSN, Jillian Michaels, etc, you need to check into this.)I will definitely repurchase. I also bought the chocolate, which I plan to have tomorrow. Wish they had a strawberry one, but I'm willing to check out the berry blend, and, really, it's easy enough to toss in a blender with some frozen strawberries. :DFor folks doing low-carb shake-based plans, like WonderSlim or MediFast, I think you could save some bucks using Whey to Go for your shakes. The protein/carb/fat is workable for those plans.Be well, enjoy....  