review/text: I can only speak for myself, and I must say that this is the best colon cleanser that I've ever used. It truly might be an overglorified laxative, but its the best one I've used.A history about me. I've always been constipated. Having two babies made it worse. It seemed I would go two or three times a week. And they weren't satisfying, lots of pebbly things. I even have that invisible fiber powder that I take massive doses of and it does not help. Granted, I'm not very consistent with the invisible powder, but I do take it for like 2-3 days and nothing!I've read about Oxypowder for a couple years and finally decided to try it. I wanted to lose some of my belly fat, feel energetic and just clean myself out.I thought the most amazing part about Oxy Powder was that I felt no cramps whatsoever. Let me tell you, everything I've tried even milk of magnesia gives me some sort of cramping sensation. Okay Colace doesn't affect me, however, I'm constipated for a week taking colace so I don't count colace. I did feel dizzy the first couple of days of taking it, but after that I felt normal. I don't know about a burst of energy, but I noticed that I don't hit snooze as often. And I don't go back to bed after waking up (which is what I usually do and then I'm late for work). So during the time I took OxyPowder I was always early for work. That to me counts as having more energy.I did not lose 5-20 lbs in poo, and I did feel really gassy towards the end of my day. Its funny, but you can hear the oxygen in your colon, and towards the end of the day it just builds up too much. It can be embarrassing to use the bathroom when someone is in there. But I really don't care at this point because this has worked the best for me. Oh and you'll be cleaning your toilet a lot more often. But as I look back, I did feel pretty good when I was on it. So I just ordered some more yesterday. I've been so constipated because I'm trying a low carb diet that I feel like I need it again.Its not perfect, but for me it was the best pain free option that I can take.  