review/text: I like the Green Tea Diet pill for many reasons. First, it causes the bored eater (that'd be me) from eating aimlessly throughout the day. Secondly, since I've taken it for the 2 and half months that I have (actually this started happening within a few weeks and has continued), the capsules have helped shrink my stomach to probably half of what it used to be, so that when I do eat, I don't overdo it. Keep in mind that when I say stomach, I mean the one your food drops into, not your waistline. However, by no means am I saying that there's no weightless physically. There is!So far I've lost 15 pounds. Some of you might be thinking, "Well that's surely with exercise, and I'm not one to have time to do that, or I hate exercising." You know what? For those of you that DO exercise you'll lose even more weight than me at the 2.5 month mark, because I go about day to day doing general stuff, nothing like walking or jogging for miles or riding a bike. However, I've figured a few things are key to those that aren't too keen on exercise (the word alone makes me shudder).If you don't have time to exercise routinely or for very long, or you just hate the word "exercise" (I know it can cause terror within a few of us, don't lie) then keep these things in mind when you take this amazing pill:-Going to the grocery store? Don't go when you're hungry and don't park in the closest to the building spot (unless it's dark then it can be scary). For obvious reasons, don't go when you're hungry, you'll just end up popping everything into your cart (some stuff you don't even know what the heck it is when you get home to unpack). Instead, and I'm sure you know this, maybe go after dinner or after lunch. What to get? That's another few paragraphs down.-Going shopping? Does that word make you giddy with delight?...only until you realize you really don't have the money to be doing it? Alright, here's the solution. Go to the mall or outlet stores or wherever else it is you could spend hours looking around at stuff. Park in the furthest from the building spot, leave the tempting ways of payment either at home or in your car (hidden with stealth!), go in the building and window shop! Spend at least a half hour doing this to however long (though you'll get kicked out if you try to stay past closing time). If you think it's weird to exercise in the mall/store, it's really not. I know I've seen a few power walkers in my mall and it's totally obvious what they're doing, but the thing is you DON'T have to do that. Exercising this way is as easy as just browsing stores, circulating the mall, bypassing the food court (unless you need water) and checking out potential Christmas gifts while getting a regular workout!-Play with your kids for at least a half hour a day (outside)! Play hide and seek! Run after them! Shoot hoops (not only is it exercise, it's helping hand-eye coordination!), throw a few balls, kick a soccer ball, play on the swing set, walk around the park while your kids play! There's so many great activities and family bonding time you can do and get an easy workout, too! It's a win-win for both you and your kids.-No kids? Pets are the next best thing. I have three dogs and one cat. They're the sweetest, most evil things in the entire world! Not only do they make me take a run for my money (literally, cause they steal my shoes and anything else they can get and take outside) they also warm my heart and make me laugh and smile. 30 minutes playing with your pets is a another great way to help amplify the effects of this diet pill!-Have a good laugh. Find your funny friends, people, and laugh as much as you can! You lose loads of calories that way!There's definitely more small things that can help you lose weight, especially when taking this pill, but what about what food is right?Stay away from carbs. Period. They are not your friend all the time. Especially since they let lose all the things your fatty cells need to keep their greedy little lives prosperous in your thighs/stomach etc. Must have them? I know your pain. Instead start getting used to whole grain and wheat. Don't shrink in terror, it's not that bad! Eating habits, especially the bad ones need to be rethought when taking this pill for the best results!Well, that's my review, and a little of what I've done to help you get on your way to a better, happier, healthier you! I hope this has helped at least some people! This is how it worked for me, but keep in mind, every one's body is unique and special and has it's own way it likes losing weight, so just find that niche and you're good to go!GOOD LUCK!!  