review/text: This review will be on three different flavors. Tropical Punch, Extreme Milk Chocolate, and Vanilla Ice Cream.First, I am not a gym rat or anything like that. Like many people after the new year, I decided I wanted to lose weight, but this time I actually started working out. lol. I know that protein is a great thing to have especially after a workout. I have tried Whey Protein in the past and it always tasted absolutely gross. I was shocked beyond belief when I received my first Whey Protein order of Extreme Milk Chocolate and how good it tasted. That's when I bought the Vanilla Ice Cream and then the Tropical Punch and I have placed an order for the Mocha Cappuccino. The previous protein powders that I did not like were not Optimum Nutrition if I remember correctly.I titled this Tropical Punch because I had a heck of a time finding reviews on that particular flavor.I make my mixes 8oz plus one scoop of powder. You'll understand this later. I also use one of those hand shaker blenders (I think that is right).TROPICAL PUNCH - After reading some of the reviews, I opted to try this with Gatorade (or maybe it was Powerade) first because many people said that this tasted nasty with milk. I have not tried it with milk and I don't plan to after trying it with the Gatorade and Powerade (both were fruit punch and I also tried it with the White Cherry Powerade). It tastes pretty good to me, but it doesn't taste like tropical punch or at least not any tropical punch I have ever had. I use 4 - 6 oz of either sports drink and the rest water to make 8 oz. Thus far, I have one of these after a cardio workout. I know that these sports drink have a lot of sugar (21g per serving) but that is for a serving size of 12 fl. oz. Basically, 7 - 14g of sugar is a heck of a lot better than downing a 12oz can of soda (I had a &#34;discussion&#34; with a friend and needed to vent that line. lol)VANILLA ICE CREAM - This also taste pretty good to me. It taste like it says. I mix this with 4 - 8oz of 2% milk (sorry fitness extremist, but skim milk is just not that great tasting to me and yes I have tried it with skim and 1%). Of course, if you use 4 oz of milk then use 4 oz more of water to make the drink.EXTREME CHOCOLATE MILK - I saved the best for last, for the ones I have tried. I love, let me repeat this, love this powder and I never thought that chocolate would be my favorite flavor (I'm one of the odd people that prefer vanilla over chocolate). If you want to try one Whey Protein to see what it is like, then you have to get this one in a 2lb jug to see if you like it. Since I'm not the only one using this powder, my first one (purchased about 3 weeks ago) is almost gone and I just ordered a 5lb jug of this because it is that awesome. I mix either soymilk (If you told me ten years ago that I would enjoy a chocolate flavored soymilk, I would have cried laughing over the improbability) or my 2% milk 4 - 8oz. When I mix this with the 2% milk, it tastes almost identical to Barber's Tru Moo Chocolate Milk. When I mix it with the soymilk, it tastes a bit off from the &#34;Tru Moo&#34; like chocolate milk, but not comparing it to that, it taste really good.I will add more when I get more flavors. I hope this helps people decide on this product.  