review/text: Purpose of the purchase: underarm. I dont have much leg hair.My personal experience:Trying it on underarm for the first time, was painful. I've never done waxing before. Always used a razor. So first time using this product to pluck my underarm hair was painful. However, I found a good angle to use it in about 20 mins of struggling and now I love it! Once you get used to it, it's really not that painful and it's safe to use.Using on underarm for the first time:Tip 1: Turn it on and gently touch the running head with your finger. Just to see how it feels like. If you're gonna try it on your underarms, which are more sensitive, it is definitely safe to touch it with your finger. This is just so you know how it feels like against your skin.Tip 2: Try it on your legs first. Just to see how it feels. Keep in mind, your underarm skin is much more sensitive. (I'm sure everybody knows that already.) My first experience on the legs was pretty good. It felt like scratching an itch.Tip 3: when trying it on the underarm for the first time, if you notice your underarm is getting red, switch to a different underarm. I find that both of my underarms have different sensitivity levels. One of them is much more tolerant to pain than the other. Once you get a hang of it on the less sensitive side, you would have much more technique to use it on the more sensitive side.Tip 4: have a cold towel ready. No Aloe Vera gel yet. The instruction says only use it afterward. So I used a wet towel. When you start to feel any discomfort or redness, use a cold wet towel to dab around your underarm. It makes you feel better. Give your underarm a rest. In the meanwhile, try it on the other underarm. Gotta get used to it, since you already bought it, right.Tip 5: I have a few red bumps afterward and I did have a minor bleeding. Very little and that's not bc the product is not safe to use. It's bc I've never done any waxing before and it was on the sensitive underarm. My skin was getting used of something plucking hair out of the skin! Everyone will probably experience things differently.That's my first experience with Emjoi. I dont think I will go back to using razor again. I hope these tips somewhat helps you if you are thinking to use an epilator on the underarms.I havent tried it on the bikini line yet. I think today I've experienced enough. Anybody has any tip for that?  