review/text: I'm not a doctor, nutritionist, nor scientist. A year ago, I had no clue what ALA was or what it did. At the time, I was looking for ways to "cheat" when on the Atkins diet. Anyone who has tried Atkins knows that carbs should be limited to a very low quantity. So when I started browsing around sveral Atkins forums, a couple people brought this supplement up.According to several reknown sources on the web (like WebMD and other university studies), it's widely known that ALA is an antioxidant that is used for various reasons: such as an antioxidant for active-exercising people, good for your liver/cells, it helps your skin, etc. But another little known fact is that it's also recommended by doctors to folks with diabetes that they should take this supplement to take it because it aids in sugar metabolism. It's also shown that it reduces triglyceride levels.But in my case, I'm not diabetic. Although I exercise, I'm not a hardcore athlete. But as I was researching ALA from several bodybuilder resource forums on the Internet, it seems they take the ALA supplement to get into ketosis. Anyone who is diabetic (type 1) or on Atkins knows that ketosis is where your body is actually using fatty acids instead of glucose for energy. So when this happens, your body is using your fat as energy. Ketosis is the state you want to be in while on Atkins (and hardcore exercise) so that you know you're burning your fat away.So after reading this extensively, I decided to give it a shot and buy some locally. Surprisingly, this stuff is hard to find (after going to CVS, Walgreens, Krogers, and Rite Aid). I believe only CVS had it locally for $18 a bottle of 60 capsules at 600mg each. I can attest that while on Atkins, it helps you reach ketosis much quicker. Also on Atkins, you eat these pills anytime you eat something with more carbs than you're supposed to eat. In a way, it can help you "cheat" because you're taking this supplement to balance your blood sugar levels (which we know spikes if you eat anything carb heavy). I'm not advocating that you take this while eating half a pizza and some cake & ice cream, as this probably won't help you... but for those of you that would like to at least indulge on a bite of carb-loaded treats every once in a while, this supplement will work wonders to help you stay on track. Of course by not indulging at all would probably be better, but are you really supposed to never eat a piece of candy or cookie ever again?Anyway, so when it came time to restock on these pills (local stores are murderous on the amount they charge vs the milligram/quantity you take), I decided to look at Amazon. Amazon apparently has quite a few of the Alpha Lipoic Acid capsules available, but some reviews say that it's false advertising. The reason i went with the one made by Natrol is because my local Walgreens sells it. None of my local stores sell any of the brand names that Amazon carries. Furthermore, the size vs quantity vs price ratio is bad for most of them. At least with Natrol, I know I'm getting the supplement as a brand my local pharmacy carries, it's the actual product, and the price is pretty nice.  