review/text: I bought this product for my 8 year old daughter who was still having wet nights, although quite infrequently by now, it was becoming a worry to her.We learnt of this technique from a friend who has a daughter the same age and who had not had a dry ever. She was using one of these type of devices provided by the doctor and was getting good results from it. It seemed a good technique to try and much more preferable than chemicals that prevent urine being produced at night.On arrival I was impressed by the manufacturing of the product. It is small, well made, easy for a child to use and the sensor (the really clever bit) is sealed and easy to clean. On first use of the Sleeper Excel was not as sensitive as described and didn't always go off when she wet the bed.After a couple of weeks, I tested the device by wetting the sensor and found that it was not working. I contacted the supplier (not Amazon) and was given what proved to be bogus advise, saying that the sensor needs to be changed every 4-6 weeks as it looses sensitivity. I though this was strange, so decided to contact the manufacture in New Zealand directly.Dr Anthony Page could not have been more helpful. He corrected the advise I had been given, the sensor does not `wear out' as such, but can be broken by a very active child at night stressing the wires. This was not what had happened to me, and Dr Page sent me two additional sensors free of charge all the way from NZ to the UK.My daughter is now really happy. The alarm has gone off in the night, but catches her in time to prevent the bed being wet and she gets up and goes to the loo.The technique seems to work, certainly in our case, as my daughter is now so much more relaxed when she goes to bed and does not worry about wetting, that she is getting a better nights sleep and consequently the wetting has all but stopped.I can recommend the method, the Sleeper Excel certainly does the job and the makers are really concerned with having happy customers and giving good advice to them.  