review/text: I got the most satisfying pain relief when I got to use this with the hydrocollator in physical therapy. I'd say it's THE best drug-free way to temporarily relieve pain - especially muscle spasms and if you have chronic pain like me. It penetrates deep into your muscles so you don't have as many muscle spasms and can relax. I've found if you cannot relax chronic pain can get stuck in a horrible cycle: pain makes it so you can't relax so you get insomnia and then you're tired so you hurt more so then you do less activity and so on. But this moist heat pack used with the hydrocollator and therapeutic massage kept me going to physical therapy long after my health insurance ran out because it doesn't just loosen you up so you can exercise, it relaxed me to the point that I fell asleep most times I used it. It was wonderful!I tried to mimic the awesome effects with an inexpensive heating pad that used a wet towel but it didn't come close to this therapeutic tool -Conair HP15RB Moist King-Size Heating Pad with Automatic Off. Before my physical therapy even began, my therapist would put me in a dark quiet room, help me into the "zero gravity position", attach an electrical stimulator to me (similar to a TENS unit), and then I would lie down on the pack along with several towels to protect my skin (it's HOT). I liked the level of hotness I would even take some of the towels away, but my entire back would be bright red after using it just not burned. Like standing in the shower when you're hurting and your skin turns red for a minute or two. I would lie on the pack for about 20 minutes - 30 if I was lucky and they were busy. The only negatives I can think of is that you don't stay relaxed if you are permanently hurt like me. But if you just have an injury you expect to heal then this would definitely help and feel really good. It isn't an electric heating pad so it starts to get cold after 15 minutes or so. Although, I thought this was a negative, at physical therapy they advised against using hot OR cold for more than 20-30 minute periods - they want you to rotate the two. Also, at the end of the day I still need to use an ice pack on my back, take narcotics, use an e-stim unit, and I've had a spinal stimulator implanted to help reduce the amount of medicine I take. This might sound like a bad result, but there was no way I was going to get back to 100% so I still consider this one of THE best therapies I've ever had. And I've tried everything from lights to acupuncture to biofeedback. In fact, I thought it helped me so much I asked if I could get one for my home but my physical therapist thought it needed to be used under his supervision. Yet, lately I've seen several smaller units for sale so it's possible he didn't know that people are wanting them and we used it in pt.I'm either getting one of those or trying the Thermophore or Theratherm heating pads that pull moisture from the atmosphere so you don't have to mess with all the towels. It's very confusing on which would help me most there are negatives and postives about each option. Hydrocollators are more expensive but they definitely work, Thermophore makes you push a button constantly to keep it hot, and Theratherm maybe doesn't get hot enough.Theratherm Digital Moist Heat Pad - 14" x 14"Battle Creek Equipment Thermophore Classic Moist Heating Pad - Large/14" x 27" - Model 055 Red  