review/text: Dear Amazon Shopper,I purchased this item to clear up a rash on my legs and it was successful in accomplishing that task in short order (with twice-daily application in the shower). For those with sensitive skin, the potency of the tea tree oil can be felt upon application but does not cause any real discomfort. The pros and cons of this item are as follows:Pros:1 - Appears to be effective. Within a few days of using this soap twice daily in the shower the rash on my legs diminished to insignificance and was completely gone shortly after that.2 - Non-toxic. Using creams containing miconazole, ketaconazole, or one of the myriad agents used to combat the growth of fungi carries with it the risk of building up toxins in the skin. While using the creams as directed (for the duration directed) is typically safe, overuse or misapplication of pharmaceutical antifungals can cause the level of toxins in your body to reach dangerous levels. This risk is not present with FungaSoap.3 - Less expensive than pharmaceutical creams / powders. As of my writing this review, a miniscule tube of Lotrimin Ultra is over 60% more expensive than FungaSoap. Add to that that it is designed for the acute care of rashes and that frequent use builds toxicity and FungaSoap looks like a bargain.4 - Preventive. Unlike pharmaceutical creams which are designed for the acute care of rashes (and are far too toxic to apply as a preventive measure), FungaSoap acts to prevent rashes before they afflict you.Cons:1 - It's not perfume. While I did not find the smell at all unpleasant, other reviewers have indicated that they do not share my sentiment. Since, unlike other soaps, FungaSoap does not smell like a rainforest populated by lilacs, its controversial scent gets chalked up under "cons."2 - It's not very viscous. Due to FungaSoap's lack of viscosity, it pours from the bottle more readily than one might expect. The first time I used it, I turned the bottle completely upside-down and got drenched in the stuff for my troubles. Just be certain that when you apply it, you are mindful of the speed at which the soap drains from the bottle. Overapplication will serve only to more quickly diminish an already not-cheap product.3 - It's expensive compared to other soap. As of my writing this review, at 80% the cost of FungaSoap you can get three times the amount of Dove. That makes FungaSoap almost four times more expensive than a respectable competing soap. While it's true that this soap cures fungal rashes, it is designed primarily to be used in a preventive capacity, meaning this will be your soap from now on. A price comparison to your current soap is worth making.4 - Results may vary. As I said, it appeared to work very effectively for me. Others, however, have claimed that FungaSoap worked less effectively for them. Unlike pharmaceutical creams, FungaSoap, to my knowledge, does not have the imprimatur of the western medical community as an effective cure for fungal rashes. Consider this for what it's worth.The bottom line is that this soap works as advertised. It's true that it may well quadrouple your soap budget, but your soap budget probably isn't that high to begin with, and the few extra dollars are likely worth avoiding the nagging discomfort of a rash.Thank you.  