review/text: MY EXPERIENCE WITH COCONUT:A few things first... I have done extensive research on Coconut oil & the benefits it has on our bodies. I can tell you that the antiviral benefits it has definitely works. After a couple of days of sleeping a ton, being very sick & calling me at work crying because she couldn't stay awake, I took my daughter (13 y.o. then 17 now) to the doctor & she was diagnosed with Mono. The doctor explained to me that it is part of the Epstein Barr family (cold sores, herpes, etc.) and that there isn't any kind of medicine that can "cure" the illness. He explained that she would sleep a lot, that I needed to call her school & tell them what she had & that she would only be there half days for a few months. I was deflated, stressed & couldn't believe there was nothing I could do for her. I had recently read a book that included coconut oil as a way to detox, lose weight, boost metabolism and so many others and had bought some oil to cook with & take daily. I had done a search & read as much as I could about the coconut & remembered reading that it killed the Epstein Barr virus. I went straight to my computer when I got home & did another search & found the article I had read. I decided to give my daughter the oil twice a day to see if it helped her. I called her down & melted the oil in a spoon & had her take it that afternoon & then again later that evening. The next morning before I left for work I gave her another dose. She called me around lunch time very happy and excited and said she wasn't tired and could stay awake. I remember thinking that the oil was working and was very relieved, but still a bit hesitant. When I got home to my surprise, she was very excited, wide awake & for the first time since she was sick, was chipper and I could tell she was getting back to her old self. I gave her another dose of the oil that evening & for a few days after and she was all better. The oil had killed the virus and restored her health.This stuff is amazing and I would recommend it to anyone who has any illness, pain or arthritis type conditions. My old dog eats some oil, that I cook with, in his food for treatment of possible arthritis in his hip. He has stopped limping & can raise up from a laying/sitting position better than he has in a long time. It is also the first thing he eats in his bowl (I just take about a tablespoon and toss it on top of the dry food). HE LOVES IT!!ABOUT THIS PRODUCT HERE:I have been taking these pills for about 3 weeks now to help raise my metabolism & to help lower my cholesterol. I haven't been back to the doctor to see how it is working for my cholesterol, but I can say that it has boosted my energy levels more than any other oil or coconut product I have tried yet. The closest I've come to this level of energy boost was when I drank some homemade coconut milk from a coconut we bought from the store. Also, When I dropped my daughter off at work yesterday, she was exhausted (stayed up late texting or Twittering I would bet)& I handed her one of these pills & told her it would give her energy... As she walked away she stuck it right in her mouth & swallowed it!! When she came home that night I asked her if the pill worked & she said yes!! From a TEEN mind you!! This is the same child up top there that knows that this stuff works! I highly recommend this product if you are a coconut user and if you're not... What the H E double toothpicks are you waiting for???  