review/text: I have been a lifelong blade shaver- my most recent setup was a Mach 3, plus the excellent "King of Shaves" shave gel. But the hassle of blade shaving started to bug me after the birth of our second child as I started looking for ways to streamline my morning routine, and I decided to give an electric a try. After reading a lot of different reviews, I chose this Braun. I've been using it for little over a month.The good:It's capable of delivering a very close shave (if you take the time... see below). Better yet, nicks are very rare, and nowhere near as long-bleeding as those from a blade. It's great to just put down the shaver and be done- no rinsing, no wiping up all the water that ends up splashing on the sink, etc... There's no shaving cream to run out of! The cleaning feature is superlative- it cleans itself better than I possibly could, and the lemon scent is nice.The bad:I'm not sure it is saving me much time. If I'm very careful, and pass over each spot a dozen times, I can get a shave that comes close to my blade. It's much easier to miss spots than it was with blade shaving, and I find myself having to run my hand ahead of the blade to "pick up" the hairs so they'll be shaved.However, I'm keeping it- I think it's as good as an electric likly gets, and I've found that I don't need a "perfect shave" every day. When I hurried a blade shave, I would end up with a bloody face. A few rough patches are a fine tradeoff as far as I'm concerned, and it's nothing you can see.For the special occasions where I really want a close shave, I can take the time and get something approaching what a blade could do. I can even shave twice in one day- maybe a morning quickie, and a more careful shave before "date night" when I can take the time. That's inconceivable with a blade, at least with my skin.I know some folks are bugged by the cleaning solution thing. I'm convinced that the bulk of the cleaning fluid loss occurs not during cleaning, but through evaporation during periods of non-use... the system is not sealed tightly. I think that unless you have a very thick, fast-growing beard, you can get by just cleaning weekly, and removing and recapping the cleaning fluid container between cleanings. This would likely extend the cartridge lifetime significantly- I've read reports of people using them for a year.But I wouldn't go nearly that long. During cleaning, the fluid is pumped up to the shave head for cleaning, and them runs back down into the container. In other words, it is reused, and the shaved beard hairs settle to the bottom of the container and are disposed of when you replace it. But hair isn't the only thing that comes off your face- there are facial oils too, and I have to think that the fluid itself would get funky if you went too long without replacing it. I have a very oily face, so I plan to replace cartridges pretty much according to the normal schedule.In summary- as a recent convert to electric shaving, I've been pleased overall. It has required some adjustment, but for my lifestyle right now it's a good match, and I would certainly recommend this model to anyone contemplating the same change.*UPDATE*: After four months, I'm still happy with it, and still works as I described. However, I have developed real issues with the environmental impact of the disposable cleaning solution containers- they're a heavy plastic that will be around for millenia, and are not recyclable. I've gone to cleaning the blades manually weekly with the included brush, installing and using the cleaning solution once every 3 weeks to keep it lubricated (storing it capped the rest of the time). It's messier and a little more hassle, but cuts way down on cartridge use. I've noticed no difference in shave quality.-R  