review/text: Nature's Way DIM is amazing. It sounds like other reviewers saw the benefits of taking DIM after a few weeks. But it actually took me four months to see any significant changes. Let me first mention that I am not in peri-menopause or menopause. I am 29 years old and have not had any children, but I wasn't previously trying to have any either. I started taking bc pills when I was 16 because I was having really heavy, unbearable, and irregular cycles. I stopped taking the pill two years ago because my hubby was concerned about the health risks from taking them for so long. My cycles stayed regular, but my mood swings and skin had gotten out of control ever since then. I always knew I had a hormone problem, but it is like trying to move a brick wall to get doctors to investigate the matter (let alone take it seriously), and recommend solutions besides taking the pill again. So I found out about DIM after doing research on hormone imbalances. It took a while for me to notice the impact, but my husband noticed it way before I did. Lately, he's been telling me everyday how I am more affectionate (without giving t.m.i.), how radiate my skin is now, and how he hasn't notice any of my typical mood swings. I used to have bad acne flareups about a week before my cycle, but that has completely ceased. I also read that DIM helps with fertility issues, which is great since my hubby and I want to start a family in the near future.But, I have noticed a downside to the vitamins: they caused me to have nausea and gas pains every time I ate throughout the day if I took them with food. At first, I thought I was preggers. But after 3 preg tests and a trip to the ob/gyn with negative results, I realized something else was causing the discomfort. Then, I remembered reading another reviewer's complaint about similar symptoms. Now I just take the vitamins a couple hours before or after I eat, or take a Beano and that solved the problem. Remember, the Nature's Way DIM contains cruciferous vegetables (spinach, cabbage, and broccoli powder), which typically causes gastrointestinal discomfort (even in their raw state) in some people.  