review/text: The Gillette Fusion is Gillette's latest (as of this writing) offering to the world of manual shaving. Featuring five blades and a stunning new razor design, the Fusion is a truly attractive razor. But is it "the best a man can get"? Not for this man.Aesthetics: 4 stars. The Fusion design is truly excellent and far superior to other razors. The handle has been greatly extended compared to the Mach 3 handle, and a noticeable amount of weight and girth has been added as well. This is a razor that will feel comfortable in almost any man's hand. The blade cartridge itself keeps this razor from getting 5 stars in my opinion. Fusion cartridges are about the same size as cartridges for the average razor for women. This will require many men to slightly alter the way they shave their faces; however, the one-blade trimmer (on top of the razor) helps a good bit.The shave: a disappointing 3 stars. The Fusion gave me an incredibly close shave. I mean incredibly close. My face hasn't been that smooth since I was a child. I thought the trimmer worked well for its purpose. But -- and this is a big "but" -- the shave was honestly too close for comfort. After every shave with the Fusion, my face felt extremely sensitive for the rest of the day. I cannot help but believe that the 5-blade design caused the discomfort that I felt after using the Fusion. Perhaps other men will not have this issue. For those with sensitive skin (like me), your best bet might be to avoid the Fusion.Blade durability: 4 stars. This was where the Fusion blades really shined. With most razors, I typically have to change blades once a week. With the Fusion, I used the same blade for 2 weeks with no trouble at all. The blade still felt fresh after a week, and drag was minimal into the second week.Overall: The razor was decent. Certainly an impressive shave, but perhaps too close for some due to the unneccesary number of blades. The biggest problem with the Fusion is that the blades are insanely expensive. In my opinion, the cost of Fusion blades diminishes everything else that might be good about it.UPDATE: Decided to give the Fusion another shot by buying an entirely new system with a new blade. Still an incredibly disappointing razor with lots of irritation. It's just one or two blades too many. I cannot say the shave is any closer than a Schick Quattro or even a Gillette Sensor Excel on a good day. Would be nice to see Gillette take this razor design, with the longer handle and closer blade spacing, and port it over to a 3-blade.  