review/text: My beard does not grow very fast, but I like to keep it short so I do trim at least twice per week and each time takes less than two minutes. I originally bought this a few years ago and really like the design. The other beard trimmers had snap-on plastic blade guards that were so flimsy that they'd break against my face. With no blade guard, they were instantly useless. The Remington blade guard is made of heavy plastic that wraps around the entire trimmer and after several years has never broken.Since I use the trimmer infrequently, I do an overnight charge perhaps once per month and then the trimmer sits unplugged for up to one month without needing to be recharged. The trimmer does not come with any sort of stand, but I found that the trimmers that had stands were all of poor quality (like the two earlier ones that had a nice stand to hold broken blade guards that can neither be replaced nor repaired). The Remington is self-contained. What you see in the graphic is all that it is, except for the plug-in charger. The blade guard slides up and down via a scroll wheel and clicks at various, measured stops. Since there are no parts to keep track of, a stand really is not needed. I keep the charger cord in the vanity and pull it out when needed.When mine died, I shopped for a new one and could only find lousy trimmers at higher prices. One trimmer from Phillips came wrapped with a set of ear phones (whah???) and I quickly returned that to the store because the shortest setting of that blade guard was already longer than my beard. The Remington settings trim my beard neatly, but also allow trimming all the way down to &#34;heavy five o'clock shadow&#34;. I was pleased that somehow I could get overnight free shipping on this from Amazon.Ironically, I was able to get my old Remington trimmer (just like this one) to work simply by giving it another overnight on the charger. Maybe I didn't plug it in right ... dunno ... but the next day it was fine again and the replacement for it was waiting on my porch. This is a nice enough trimmer that if the batteries really did fail, I would take this apart and attempt to rebuild the battery pack by hand. Most likely though, if the internal battery pack really is dead, then the trimmer is so old that every other aspect of it is also worn out. At that point, I'll just reach for the one I just bought which is waiting in the package in the cabinet.  