review/text: This HeartStart OnSite Defibrillator by PHILIPS is the safest, most effective AED on the market today. That is why the FDA has given PHILIPS the clearance to sell this AED for home use without a medical script. This device is basically dummy proof. It will walk a rescuer thru every step of the rescue process including step by step instructions on how to perform CPR if necessary. Less than 5% of people who suffer Sudden Cardiac Arrest outside of a hospital survive. Why? Because they are not defibrillated soon enough. For every minute that passes in SCA without defibrillation your chances of survival decrease by 7 to 10%. Research statistics state you can increase the chance of surviving SCA by up to 80% if you are defibrillated within the first few minutes (the most crucial time) Modern science and technology has made this device safe and easy to use. The American Heart Association offers a course called the "HeartSaver AED" the class is 3hrs, and teaches you adult CPR and how to operate an AED. The skills you learn in the HeartSaver class are incredible, and I highly recommend this class whether you purchase the OnSite AED or not. Defibrillation is the most crucial link in the Chain of Survival. But if you are in the market for an AED, this PHILIPS OnSite is the best. Having this life saving device at our fingertips is recommended by all fire and rescue thru out the world, also OSHA, federal and local government, AHA, RedCross and more!! If you are a business, or condo bulding, homeowners assc, boat owner, restaraunt, healthclub, school, you should also look into purchasing an AED and having your staff trained in the AHA HearSaver class! Sudden Cardiac Arrest has no age restrictions...young or old, ...the only and definitive treatment for Sudden Cardiac Arrest is to deliver a shock to the heart! Do your homework and you will find out why the PHILIPS AEDs are used by theWhite House Medical Unit, AAF, FBI,FAA, CIA, and the FDA andmore! Safe, reliable, and the most user friendly AED on the market!!  