review/text: I've had adult acne on and off since I was 19 years old and I am now 35. I recently had a major stressor in my life that reiked havoc on my skin that was quite similar to when I first developed acne. I've tried Proactiv, oral and topical antibiotics, accutane, tea tree oil and many over the counter products which didn't help me. I had been doing a lot of research on the internet and have changed my lifestyle dramatically.I now only drink water and herbal tea. I've added apple cider vinegar to my diet, I avoid processed foods, dairy and sugar. I cut down on my wheat intake. I now use turmeric as a seasoning for cooking. I eat more fruits and vegetables and my skin is becoming clearer.I had a mixture of black heads, white heads and cystic acne. I wash my face at least twice a day using grandpas thylox soap and have noticed that my cystic acne has dissappeared. I had cystic acne on my jaw line for weeks and this was the only thing that got rid of them in a matter of about 3 days! I also use witch hazel as an astringent and now I incoporated manuka oil for spot treatment. I just started using the manuka oil and so far I am happy with it. Tea tree oil gave my cystic acne. I moisterize now with the skin clear manuka cream and I am happy with it. I used to use aloe vera gel and my face would still be dry-- so I added jojoba oil to it and that helped but now I'm giving the clear skin manuka cream a try. It has manuka oil, manuka honey, jojoba oil, grape seed oil, neem, aloe and other natural products. I have to say that my pores did get smaller when I used the aloe vera gel so I will probably add more of it back to my skin care regimen.I use the queen helene mint julep mask weekly as well as a raw honey mask (sometimes with aspirin and sometimes without). I just got the Aztec clay healing mask and I can't wait to use it!I also changed my sunscreen and make-up products. I am a golden brown african american female so any pimples that comes about even if I do not mess with them will leave a dark spot. I use make-up to cover them up and to have an even complexion. I like make-up and only wear it when I go out...but the marykay make-up I was using added to my blemish problem. I researched the ingredients in their mineral make-up and found that they have irritants in there that can aggravate acne. I switched my make-up line to L.A. Minerals which is all natural and has no skin irritants in their products. I am only working on their samples (which they send you a good amount of) that I ordered and I am very pleased. I will now be a customer for life.It took about a good month or two for my skin to really respond to all the changes (which seems forever) that I made. My husband says my skin looks much better and I'm feeling more confident. Before I would think that people were just looking at my pimples and some were and some were not. I prayed about my skin to become clearer and by research (knowledge) and prayer it is now happening. I'm now in favor for all natural products!My advice to acne sufferers is to please be patient with your skin and pray about it. My prayers came true and do a lot of research, listen to your body and treat it well.  