review/text: I'm definitely not a professional body builder by any means. Until recently, I was a college undergrad, and now I'm working full-time. In general, my workouts usually consist of weight lifting at home, with a set of adjustable free weights, and occasional trips to the gym for exercises not easily done at home. More recently, I've been doing P90X, and am finishing up the third phase now.This whey protein works wonders. In general, if you're only going to supplement your workouts with one thing, it would almost definitely be whey protein. It speeds up recovery, gives more energy, and really enables muscle growth. As far as whey goes, I've tried a few other brands, and ON Gold Standard is the winner when it comes to the balance of amount of protein, ease of use, price, and taste. I've tried three flavors thus far. Vanilla is okay, when mixed with milk it tastes mostly like runny, melted vanilla ice cream. Not disgusting, but not exactly my cup of tea. I went through a couple jars of the Double Rich Chocolate, based off the recommendations of many reviews, and ended up sticking with it for a while. I've never been a fan of chocolate milk, so the Double Rich Chocolate isn't amazing to me, but it still tastes good and is easy to get down.I recently tried a tub of the Cookies n' Cream flavor, and I'm not going to be sticking with it. It's nice, as a change of pace from the months of chocolate I had, but mixed with milk it was waaaay too rich for me. I usually mix it with water, which makes it taste sort of like a Jack in the Box Oreo cookie shake. It tastes kinda weird if it's warm, though, so I usually either pre-mix it and stick it in the fridge for a long time, or throw in a couple ice cubes when I mix it, to cool it down. Some reviewers have commented on a bitter aftertaste (for Cookes n' Cream only, not the other flavors), some say they have never encountered it. I seem to be stuck in the middle. Every once in a while, one of the gulps will hit me with a slightly bitter aftertaste. It's not often enough to make me hate drinking it, but it's worth a mention. It seems to happen less often if I pre-mix the shake and leave it in the fridge for a while, so temperature may have something to do with it.One last thing I want to mention, if you're just someone who works out a bit in their free time to stay in shape, there's one other supplement worth taking a look at: creatine. It's cheap, not harmful, and can work wonders for you! This review's already pretty long, so I won't talk about it, but there's plenty of info out on the web, so take a look!  