review/text: I am an EMT/Volunteer Firefighter, but also a professional AHA trainer. I have used AEDs, taught others to use them, and seen what happens without them. I work for a company also that sells AEDs, so for business owners I would suggest talking to a professional about an AED program to help reduce liability. I have not included my name or company affiliation to avoid the perception that saving life is not my priority in writing this. While we do not distribute Phillips, all FDA approved AEDs are better than no AED, and any AED can save lives.Anyone that says CPR is enough is either foolish or ignorant, but anyone that says buy one you don't need training is only slightly less. While an AED will not hurt anyone, applying one in an emergency effectively can require training. My point, I would never tell anyone not to buy one, and agree that medical direction for private purchase should be removed, but if you are going to spend $1500 why would you not spend money on training to make sure you can use it? If an AED makes sense, then training does too.Examples to prove my point:AED accessibility increases rate of survival: Casinos have them readily available and achieve a survival rate of greater than 50%, while EMS and Fire service have them and achieve survival rate of maybe 10% if lucky. Why? Time to first shock! AHA recommends 3 minute response time with an AED, and EMS averages 10. Each minute that passes from onset to defibrillation is one less person you will save, and with CPR only slightly better still loosing a person every two minutes until first shock, a quicker shock can save far more lives. We have airbags in new cars that cost as much protecting us from 43,000 deaths each year on highways, yet 450,000 + die from SCA and we don't have AEDs? Our government worries about texting and 6000 lives? Where are the AEDs, and how many lives would be saved? Save money legislating, give me a refund and I will buy AEDs to possibly save loved ones.Some will say people at risk only need them? I know of a 17 year old in class, a 15 year old female athlete, a 13 year old, a professional basketball player, hockey player, and numerous others that don't fit the mold of high risk all saved by AEDs. So who is not at risk, especially since heart death kills 1 of every 2 people that due in the US each year.I have seen both sides. . .I did CPR on a guy after a rare 5 minute response on a call. Applied the AED and it would not shock because the heart had lost any electrical impulse, AEDs reboot hearts but time matters. When someone dies initially higher probability the heart is still electrically doing something, but longer the person is down mote likely they flatline then CPR, Meds, and AED needed. I did CPR because that was the only option for him at that time, nothing left to shock. Amazingly his heart starting beating again at the hospital, but it only lasted 24 hours and he passed.I trained a group that did CPR and used an AED on a coworker, an AED I pursuaded them into purchasing. They began CPR immediately, and administered a shock within the first few minutes saving him. Two weeks later he is back at work his whole life ahead of him, that is how it should work, and rarely is how it works without AEDs on site. The group of people that worked on this guy were trained and had problems (sweat, hair, pace makers, etc.), but their training provided them with success. All AEDs should have a spare set of pads and prep kit (with razors, scissors, and prep pads) as accessories. Without these items AED/Accessories/Training he would not be alive today.I had a student do CPR on another for 12 minutes and save a coworker, the Fire Department still had to shock with an AED when they arrived, the company bought an AED the next day. Their are other stories I could tell you, but all the successful saves involve AEDs on site when SCA happens.  