review/text: We've owned this foot bath for well over a year. My husband bought it for me and picked it up at the Brookstone store, not online. Here's the pros and cons.Pros:-feels wonderful, soothing, and really relaxes tired feet-Heats up beautifully...it will get HOT so I turn the heat on and off occasionally.-Solid and well-made-The remote is very convenient! (They only thing the remote doesn't control is how much air flow is in water.)-Really improves my husband's recent foot aches and problems (we think plantar fasciitis). We bought this before we knew of it. He says it really helps + stretching + quality foot inserts.-Depth of foot area is fine for me (U.S. size 10 women's and my husband U.S. 11)-Well worth the money, I am worried about even trying out a spa's foot bath: who knows what diseases are in there!Cons:-With water, it is heavy and you have to be able to lift it in and out of the sink to your destination-I lightly rested my feet on top of the blue insert one day and was barely putting any weight on it and it now has a hairline crack.-Would be better with a 'foot bath' boy to lug it around for you.-I find I can only use this for 25-30 minutes max and my feet will start becoming swollen or irritated, so that's what I do. I use it for a short time, dry off, put on quality foot cream and socks, and relax!-I removed the loofah-like insert as I noticed it caught water underneath it (even when bath was empty) and created mold.TIPS:-Never think of leaving water in it for an extended period of time. I got lazy for a while and left water in there for a week or so and man did I come back to a science experiment and the smell too! This needs to be emptied after every use or at least once every 24 hours. I recommend when you're done with it, to empty, rinse, and drain immediately. Remember anywhere water is, so could mold.-Rinse out thoroughly and clean out with Softscrub with Bleach + HOT water occasionally (doesn't need it every time). Really rinse it out because the bottom has a well of somekind.-Never wear shedding socks before using this. I did that once with fluffy socks and all the little cotton bits were annoying to get out.Summary:It has pros and cons, for us we think it's worth-while for the bliss it provides. Cleaning and transporting is not fun but that could be with any foot bath. I decided not to get a cheap one as the reviews were all junky and poor. I hope it lasts a long time!**Update 5-2012**: It just died last week and became garbage. The right jet stopped working. Even though the left jet kept operating, I felt my toes getting too hot and didn't want to risk damage to my home or my body, so I threw it out. Oh well - it lasted about 4 years give or take. I will not be repurchasing it. When it was full of water it was just too heavy to lug.  