review/text: I have yet to try a Baby Bjorn product that I don't love. They consistently produce smart products for kids that are made at top quality. I read most of the reviews on this seat before buying it, and here are the things that stand out to me after using it for a couple of months:1. It looks great. The white is clean-looking and fits in in any bathroom without looking gawdy. In addition, it's not "dated" with any particular character--I'll be able to use this same seat for subsequent children (boy or girl) without any problem.2. It FITS! Granted, I've only tried it on the toilets in my house (elongated seats), but the adjustable wheel on the back of the seat means that it will fit snugly and not slip around if a wiggly, squirmy child is on top of it.3. It's so easy to clean. I don't care how hard you try, or how well designed you think a potty seat is designed, it WILL get pee on it. Fact of life. The question is, does it wipe clean easily are you left in the bathroom scrubbing with an old toothbrush trying to get into all the cracks, nooks, and crannies? The Baby Bjorn seat, with its simple, all-in-one design is easy to keep clean by wiping with a little toilet paper, and then disinfecting as often as you like with a disinfectant wipe. On a side note, sometimes we wind up with pee on the regular toilet seat (from splashing underneath the Baby Bjorn seat) and sometimes we don't. I'm not sure there's ANY potty seat out there that will guarantee you never ever have to wipe up pee. We're talking about toddlers/preschoolers here...there will be some pee to wipe up from time to time. Again, I don't see it as a flaw with this seat, because I've yet to find any other seat that does any better.4. It's a great design for kids. My son sits comfortably now, and has room to grow (we started potty training around 20 months). No, he can't get up and down by himself, but neither would I want him to at this age. As he gets older and better able to use the potty by himself, he'll also be getting bigger and better able to get up and down by himself. I don't see the problem with this (even though others have complained).  