review/text: I searched for this product to replace a different brand that is much too expensive, PoopDoc. Love the name, but don't like the price. After reading the Mag 07 label, reading the instructions, and seeing that the feedback is pretty much the same; I decided it has to be the same product. After trying it, I'm happy that it IS the same product and for about 1/2 the price!I am 64 and have had severe constipation frequently since I've been 2 years old. No one knew about dairy intolerance when I was growing up and my family ate dairy products every day. Even when I learned about it in my early thirties, I didn't know it wasn't lactose ... It was milk protein or something like that which causes the opposite effect. Anyway, not eating dairy helped, but apparently all those years of eating it caused a very sluggish system. When I say "severe" constipation, I mean once or twice a week was a good week. There were many times I didn't go for two weeks ... awful. Doctors were unhelpful so I had to resort to expensive and possibly dependency-forming products in the drug store. Sometimes laxatives didn't even work nor did prune juice until after taking it for three or four days. Sorry for the boring story, but I'm a great test case for this product.Thanks to this formula, I can have a healthier digestive track and I feel a lot better. Since it only affects the material inside the intestine instead of forcing the intestine to contract, you don't have to worry about dependency. I did do the 3-day cleanse by taking 5 capsules nightly. Yes, of course that causes diarrhea, but amazingly there is no discomfort or cramping. After that, it does take awhile to figure out what dosage is right for you for maintenance. I don't take it every night. It seems to be fine to take it every other night or even every 3 nights (for me). I take two plus one magnesium citrate supplement at the same time. They seem to work well together. If I've had ice cream or pizza, i have to take 3. The minimum you must take at one time depends on your individual system. For me, one is not enough to work, so I always take 2 or more.Remember that Mag 07 is not a replacement for magnesium supplementation. That form is not as absorbable in the body as other forms of magnesium, at least that seems to be the concensus of the majority. Also, do not take Vitamin C in the evening when you take Mag 07. It seems to prevent it from working. The nights I forgot and took Vitamin C, the Mag 07 did not work at all so was a waste of pills.Hope my review is helpful.  