review/text: I purchased this via Amazon. It was delivered in a regular Amazon box. Inside the box, the vibrator was in a white plastic bag and inside its retail packaging. It takes 3 AA batteries. It has a slight chemical smell. The total length to the base is about 7 inches; however, only about 5 inches is insertable due to the bunny on the side. It is very pliable and has raised bumps below the head on the opposite side of the bunny. It is approximately 5 inches in circumference. It has three levels of intensity and the head rotates. It does not thrust, it rotates around in a lopsided circle. There are 9 ball bearing in the shaft that go around in a circle. You can change the rotation from clockwise to counter-clockwise. Why change the direction of the rotation? I do not know.The bunny is approximately 4 1/2 inches in length at its longest point, which is the base of the machine to its ears. On the short side, the bunny is about 2 1/2 inches in length. The bunny ears are pliable and separate, and the bunny has a pointy nose. There is a bullet inside the bunny. The bunny also has three levels of intensity.I like the rotation of the shaft and the thickness. The intensity in not bad, not earth shattering, but not bad. Here's the down side. I just don't get the bunny. If the ears are supposed to be the stimulation, the distance between the end of the ears and the end of the shaft are 2 3/4 inches. If I am supposed to use the bunny's ears to tickle my clitoris, then I can only insert 2 3/4 inches of the shaft. If the nose is supposed to be the stimulation, then I can only insert 3 1/2 inches of the shaft to feel the bunny's nose. If the bullet is the stimulation, then I have about 2 inches of bunny ears & nose keeping my clitoris away from the bullet. Because the bunny is attached to the shaft at five inches, there is no way that I can insert more than that, but when I do insert 5 inches, the bunny is way above my clitoris and uncomfortable. I read one comment that stated that she cut the ears of the bunny off. That may help, but not I'm not trying that...yet.The next concern is the rotation. You have to have a firm grip on the device for the rotation to work. It you insert the vibrator and hold it at the base, the head rotates. However, if you do not hold the vibrator tightly, the base rotates while the head stays fixed. Again, weird workings.I suggest that you look at this in a retail store. When you see it in person, you will understand what I mean about the bunny's ears & nose being too high up the shaft. If you love the bunny and only want 2 3/4 to 3 1/2 inches of shaft, this may be the toy for you. Unfortunately, I am still looking for Mr. Right Vibrator.  