review/text: First, let me say that I wasn't too keen on doing a review on this product. I mean, how much more personal can you get right here in front of millions of people? Geesh!But, I have to say, that if it helps someone make a decision, or helps someone get the relief they are seeking, then I will.I have suffered from constipation and colon problems my entire life. My entire focus every day is what to eat, drink or do *today* to make it better for the day. Probably 35 years of research & learning my own body has taught me what things make it better; what things make it worse. So, pay attention to your body! If I eat a banana, for example, I am DOOMED for at least a week as nothing short of dynamite is gonna help! Meat, dairy, flour..makes it 'worse' for me, too. Only you know what things to avoid.However, I can truly say that I have purchased every product on the market and nothing has worked as well as this one does. I like that I take before bedtime, and have results in the morning. It isn't perfect; isn't quite the results that I would like to optimally have, hence the 3 stars, but it's the 'direction, not the perfection' and is a huge difference.I'm so glad to have finally discovered on Dr. Group's website where he says some ingredients in colon cleansers make it worse (and he lists them) as that was a huge relief to read when all these years I've wondered what's wrong with me?? - psyllium actually becomes like a brick in my intestines and does all the opposite as have most products! Thanks, Dr. G for stating that.Even when I had a colonoscopy a few years ago and took the prescribed laxatives, it didn't produce one single thing and I panicked because my body was not cleanly prepped for the procedure and yet I had followed the orders to the letter. How horrifyingly embarrassing.I do like Mike Adams, the Health Ranger and receive his newsletter on [...]. He 'endorses' this product and for the most part, I feel he does his homework. For anyone who is concerned about the ingredients as a few reviews here state, I would advise contacting Dr. Group or Mike Adams with your questions. I think that is a good question!Bottom (no pun intended LOL) line is..it works, and that is certainly a whole lot healthier for me than retaining it in my body!3/14/10 I found a few things actually that I like much better and for a LOT less money and the good news is, you CAN link from Amazon too. My updated recommendations are: Colon Tone by Swanson Vitamins (available here but DO check out [...]); and Life Time Liquid Calcium-Magnesium Citrate sold by Lucky Vitamins ([...]). I take that stirred into juice right before bedtime. Both are excellent and easy on the budget!  