review/text: I would definitely recommend this product. I purchased it to see if it would help a table my mother gave me come back from some water damage it sustained when she had it in storage and it instantly improved the look. After a couple of days the table didn't look as nice as it did with a fresh coat, but was still better than before. After a second application it again improved, this time more dramatically. After a couple more applications I was totally satisfied with the table and know I will always continue to see improvement as I keep using this product. On a side note: I probably should have used a finish restorer and a deep penetrating conditioner before applying this product to get the most out of it, but I had a feeling a few applications of this would do the trick and it did.I figured I'd let my Customer Images speak the loudest about this product, but I'd like to point out that as one (negative) review mentions, it is in fact quite oily. However, after applying it at night the next morning the table was dry as a bone. Also after about 15 minutes the table wasn't so oily that I wouldn't mind touching it. If I were to host some company I would probably apply this to my furniture the evening prior or even a few hours prior. I also concur that the smell is pleasant without being overpowering and quickly fades after a few hours. Unfortunately, the super bright and glossy finish it leaves also fades after a day or so, but still looks nicely polished and clean--just not bright and glossy. Keep in mind this was on oak. On my glossy rosewood table it kept it looking even more glossy. Basically it just does a great job bringing out whatever the wood is supposed to look like.It also does as it claims in regards to not attracting (probably repelling) dust. I was surprised at this considering how oily the product seems at first, and this is a BIG bonus for somebody like me who lives in the dusty desert. I would give this product 10 stars if it retained the bright glossy finish that it gets after a fresh application, but I can't bring myself to only give it 4 stars based on this. And based on the fact it brought a moderately damaged table back to life then it gets 5 stars all the way. Thank you Howard, whoever you are!  