review/text: I have tried other bunion products/ toe alignment products and this is the first one that has worked so far. What you get is one brace as pictured. I first tried one and because of the results I order one for my left foot.The brace is for nighttime use or while siting/lounging. You can not wear the brace with shoe and the directions on the box recommends not walking with the brace on.Here is the size chart per manufacture:WomenSmall:7Medium:8-10Large:11+MenSmall:Medium:6-8Large:9+The first time I put the splint on I could fell the tendons in my big toe stretch.Like lifting weights and feeling the muscle burn. I did not read the direction so I wore the brace for 7 hours. when I took it off my big toe was hurting like hell. However, after the tendons relaxed I was able to walk flat on my foot without pain for the first time in a long time.So I would recommend doing as the direction state "Limit initial usage periods to 30 minutes each. Gradually wear splint for longer durations and increase band tension as comfort level improves.".After using it for a week I am almost to the point where I can wear it all night and not remove it. For a person with a not so severe bunion you may not experience the same discomfort I did.In the short time I have been using this product I have notice an improvement with my bunion.I can now walk without walking on the side of my feet to avoid bunion pain. So for now it gets 5 stars.Also as noted by other reviewers, if you adjust the brace very tight the plastic does irritate/dig into the skin and becomes very uncomfortable. I use myinjinji Performance Mini Crew Toesocksto keep the plastic off of my skin.To clean the manufacture recommends:"Hand wash in warm water and mild soap. Rinse thoroughly. Press flat in a clean towel to remove excess moisture then air dry completely, away from direct heat and sunlight, before reuse."Update: 02/09/2012I have been using this for almost a month now and I have noticed that my big toe has straighten up a bit. It has not moved back to the normal position but it did move enough for me to notice the difference. Also, when I stand my big toe does not push against my second toe as much. The only issue I have is I wish the plastic brace for the splint had a little bit more of a curve to it that way more pressure would be applied to the big toe to keep it straight. This is a problem because after a month of use I can now wear the splint on its tightest level and the burn is not as strong as before. Its still a good product and I am happy I bought it.Update: 3/30/2012After 2 months of use I am now able to wear the regulator all night long as tight as I can get it. My toe is still misaligned and has not returned to the normal straight position.(not that I was expecting too). Although this product did not return my toe to its normal position it did move my toe just enough to relieve my bunion pain. Now when I come home from work my feet do not feel like they have been in a vise all day. I no longer have to walk like I am walking on broken glass. If your big toe is not badly misaligned then this product may work better for you. If your bunion is severe then the best this product can do for you is relieve bunion pain. Don't expect a miracle (getting your big toe perfectly straight) from this product. It helped relieve my bunion pain and for this alone I thing this product is worth it.Update: 01/14/2013Well its been a year since I posted this review so I felt I should do one last update. The straps have begun to tear but they still do the job. Yes my big toes are still not perfectly straight but my feet feel great. Since I started using this product I haven't had to soak my feet in Epsom salt after working all day. I would recommend it for anyone searching for relief from Bunion pain.  