review/text: Come on, folks...the instructions regarding battery charging/recharging are just as bad as their predecessor, in my case, Braun. In both cases, we're talking about a rechargeable Ni-Cad battery, a type which as a bad memory effect. Both tell me to recharge frequently, before they go down. So in either case, the memory effect will take the battery down QUICK. On my Brauns, I kept two and ran them until they were completely down, the recharged while shaving with the other one. Was getting about five days out of each. Now this Remington says to leave it charging all the time, only running it down every six months. But...I need to know how many days it will shave before running it down. Then they want me to recharge it for 24 hours.However, it costs so much less that I could replace it every six months and come out ahead. I guess time will tell, and I'll update this when I know how it shaves, and for how long, on a charge.Update 1/13: Well, I really really like the way this item shaves and, even though the battery charging instructions go against everything I've learned about caring for rechargeable Ni-Cad batteries, I'm going to follow their instructions, and keep it on the charger all the time except to shave with it in the morning, then right back on the charger. Who knows...never to old to learn something new. In truth, I'm going to do this because of the very low cost of the unit...I may buy another one as a backup, as I'm throwing away my most cantankerous Braun immediately. And...if the battery on this thing goes south sooner than I think it should, I'll update this review again.2/22/12 Update: Well, this thing's still going strong, in spite of what I expected from the "charge all the time" instructions. Go figure. I'm going to buy a second one for a spare. Great value in today's economy.4/21/12 Update: Well, the foil mesh, or screen, or whatever developed a hole, couldn't shave with it. Ordered and received a replacement set of screen, cutter, and spring. Cutter didn't fit, so tried replacing the screen, using the old cutter. Apparently didn't fit right, would not shave. Threw the entire mess away...will save my money and buy the up to date replacement for the Brauns I've used for so many years.I guess there's no way to replace the best with something cheap, and have it work out.David  