review/text: Okay, first the good news: I bought this based on other people's reviews that remarked that the brace is good especially for athletic type stuff you may want to continue (in moderation) while pregnant. And yes, for my 6 mile walks, it definitely holds my belly in place. Prior to getting it, I would get cramps on the sides of my belly from the motion of walking.I wanted it for work, too, because I get back aches while leaning forward to work at my desk for 8-10 hours. It turns out that this is not a good item for me because I use a stand/sit desk (tall for standing, with a really tall chair). The standing/sitting throughout the day, usually every 20 minutes, causes my pants to move around and end up bunching under the brace in a bulky way that I can't fix without taking the brace off entirely and putting it back on.I tried tightening the brace so that my pants will slide back over the top when I stand up, but I usually have to do some embarrassing belly brace, jeans and shirt lifting/fixing every time I change sitting positions.I think the problem is that if the brace is tight enough that my jeans slide over the top of it, it really feels like it's indenting on my lower belly. It makes me feel like it's not safe for the baby because it cuts so hard into my belly. The baby move a LOT when I have this thing on. I'm not sure that's good.Also, about 5 days after I bought it, one of the main seams is ripped about 4 of the 6 inches it takes up. The brace still functions, but it's barely holding together. I would return it to the manufacturer, but I am on a bit of a time crunch, and really don't have time to be returning things and watiting for replacements if the thing still works. But I have no idea how long it will hold together.To put the whole thing in context, I am 5'9" and I usually weight 150#. I doubt I am putting much duress on the belly brace with my height/weight proportions, so I don't understand why it ripped after 5 days and is so hard to use in general. My belly is big enough to need it and hold it down. I am measuring at 30 cm at 7 months and the darn thing still slides around.I have no idea if I'd recommend this product, since I don't know how other products measure up. I guess it works sometimes, but only if I'm not standing then sitting, then standing. So yes, if you are doing athletics or standing for long periods of time, this might be the brace for you.  