review/text: I have owned this Apex model organizer for a couple of years now. As you probably well know, pill organizers are something that are easily found in most drug and department stores. The problem with the organizers that we are familiar with is that they are usually the standard bar design model that are all one piece, and the 7 day compartments being cut out of the one. For most of us most of the time this is a sufficient system. The problem with this design however is that you cannot pick up your daily pill allotment without the entire weeks ration coming along for the ride. And no matter how careful we are about battening down the little hatches on each, we inevitably on occasion neglect at least one days ration and they come spilling out all over the place. Nothing like starting out your morning chasing your medication all over the bathroom floor.This Apex model organizer is a premium choice among the rest of the crowd. The organizer comes with individual pods in a tray that are both labeled and color coded. So the most you can manage to spill at one time is what you are supposed to be taking, and nothing more. The pods are rounded and comfortable to hold, and are split in two pieces by a divider for morning and night time doses. And, at about 2 1/2" in diameter, they are generous enough in size to handle quite a few medications as once, both day and night. As someone that quite often was chasing his medication around the floor as noted previously, I still thoroughly enjoy picking up my daily pod and having the luxury of it being a single carry along model. Personally I would never use any other type of pill organizer after using this one for a couple of years now.In conclusion, I have never seen this style organizer in stores locally. I got mine on another online site. (And paid a little more for it there unfortunately). So if you are one that feels its time to treat yourself to an upgrade in your pill organization system, I highly recommend this Apex model that is a true pleasure to use. The only one downside to this organizer that is worth noting is that it may be a little on the small side if you happen to take a whole bushel of pills every day. If that is the case, than may I suggest the 7 day organizer at the link provided. I have seen this other one before and each of the compartments on it are a little roomier than this model. More cumbersome and not as comfy to hold, but definitely better for larger regimens. For small to medium regimens, ( a generous medium), I highly recommend the Apex pill organizer7 Day Pill Box Organizer 2 Deep Compartments Clear Tray Made in the USA  