review/text: I'm hypoglycemic, and I've learned through experience that there are certain herbs and herbal products that can profoundly affect my blood sugar.There is little clinical study of many herbs, and reliable reporting on side effects (or even beneficial effects) is anecdotal. Herb popularity tends to run in fads -- there's always a hot new herb everyone is enthused about. And the excitement over the new one lasts about as long as it did with the last one.Still, because of the buzz, anything with herbs is considered by most people to be better than anything without herbs. Manufacturers get around the "what's hot" thing by throwing in the kitchen sink -- every herb that sounds good goes in the pot.Unfortunately that just increases the chances that some people are not going to be able to use the product. Or will use it and have reactions or side effects (or even long term effects) they don't realize are coming from an herb or herbs in the product.Green Vibrance happens to be one of those products with a kitchen sink full of herbs in addition to the green foods like spirulina and other beneficial ingredients.I didn't realize this when I took a serving. I had been looking forward to trying Green Vibrance because I had heard so much about it and read so many glowing reviews. A few hours later my blood sugar was way low -- I had the familiar and unmistakable symptoms. I was on schedule with my meals. The only thing I had done differently was try the Green Vibrance.I read the Green Vibrance label carefully and, among the many, many ingredients, discovered the likely culprit -- silymarin (milk thistle extract). I've had a similar experience with milk thistle before, as well as goldenseal. Do a Google search and you'll see silymarin has been noted as causing blood sugar drops.I really wish companies and corporations would get past the obsession with adding faddish herbs to every manufactured good out there. If we want herbs, we can easily buy them separately. Or the company could package and sell them as a separate adjunct to the product.For those who don't have blood sugar problems, Green Vibrance may be as wonderful as many people claim, but I'll just look for a green drink without all the added herb stuff.  