review/text: I had this terrible pain that went from my left buttock down along the side of my left leg to the side of my lower calf. Didn't even know it was sciatica until I mentioned it to several people and they all thought that it was.I'm a dancer (social not professional) and this was seriously affecting my dancing, not to mention the fact that sometimes it was painful even if I was just laying down and not moving at all. After a couple weeks of this constant pain, I had to do something and remembered a chiropractor that had totally gotten rid of a chronic back pain that had previously been bothering me for many years. His adjustments (only three) had worked so well that the back pain hasn't reoccurred for the past ten years. So, I thought I'd try him again. Easier said then done because he moved to another city that was a two hour drive.Anyway, I saw him and he said I needed two adjustments at least a day apart and one more after two weeks of not dancing (we had determined that the dancing was throwing the adjustments off).After the first week, I felt a little better but it wasn't fully gone. I happened to be in a health food store and thought I'd ask to see what they had. The person there recommended this product, Sciatica Neuralgia by NatraBio. I hadn't ever had a homeopathic remedy work for me but I believed in the idea and decided to give it a try.Within a day of starting to use it, the pain significantly decreased. I continued to use it and the pain was completely gone in about 3 days. I started dancing and the pain never returned. I never did go back to the chiropractor for that last adjustment.Total cost of chiropractor, including travel expenses was over $500. Cost of Sciatica Neuralgia, under $7.This may not work for everyone's sciatica or back pain but it worked for mine and the small price is worth it to try. For me, it worked better than much more expensive options.This is the first time I have ever had a homeopathic remedy work so dramatically.As a result, I decided to try their other remedy for adrenals which were causing me some problems. I am no longer having those problems after taking that remedy either. But I have to say that the result was not quite so dramatic. Nevertheless, the problem I was having is now gone.I want to assure you that I don't work for the company even if this glowing review may sound like it. Nor do I have any connection or even know anyone in the company. Just check my other reviews and you'll see that I'm for real.It just worked so dramatically for my sciatica that I thought I'd pass this along to other sufferers so they might be encouraged to give it a try. I know the other reviews here were not terribly encouraging and if I had read them before taking this product, I probably would not have tried it.Anyway, hope this helps you get relief.  