review/text: Thermoskin Arthritic Gloves, Black, Sold by the Pair - Extra Small solved two problems for me. An unusual neurological condition left one of my hands nonfunctional for a year; as it regained strength and movement, I also found it got cold easily. Further, I developed arthritis in my other hand and wanted something to help alleviate the discomfort. I needed something for warmth and something that would provide relief through compression. Thermoskin Arthritic Gloves seemed to be the ideal solution.After reading other reviews, I knew sizing would be tricky. Earlier in the year when I needed wrist support in my nonfunctional hand, I purchased a Thermoskin Carpal Tunnel Glove. It worked well to warm the hand and to provide wrist support. I purchased it in a Small since the measurement around my knuckles was the smallest circumference for that size. The glove fit, but was not snug. I ordered Thermoskin Arthritic Gloves in Extra Small and they fit perfectly, providing both warmth and compression for pain relief. My hands are small - 5 1/2" wrist measurement, 3 1/2" X 2 3/4" palm, and fingers from 2 1/4" to 3". I recommend buying the smaller size if your hands measure at the lowest circumference in a particular size.Your hands will sweat some while you are wearing the Thermoskin Arthritic Gloves; I hand wash mine at least once a week. After rolling them in a towel to get rid of excess water, I lay them out to airdry - overnight is sufficient. I have had a problem with the seam between my middle finger and ring finger on both hands. If I wear the gloves for a full day and night, I develop a sore on the webbing between these two fingers. If you are prone to developing sores or have delicate skin, you may want to be careful so you do not develop sores.All in all, I am pleased with this purchase. The Thermoskin Arthritic Gloves serve the purposes for which I purchased them. I rated them as a 4-star product because the seams caused sores on the both hands. Had this not happened, I would have rated them as a 5 star item.  