review/text: Alright so I know there are already 1000+ reviews on here, most of which say how great the protein is so I will spare you the long drawn out pros of this product because those have already been vouched for in great detail. I will just reiterate that this is a great quality protein full of BCAA's and other important nutrients at a reasonable price. However, the subject of my review is a flavor comparison that I think is useful for people contemplating which of the many flavors to get. I will update this review as I try new flavors by them. I will preface these flavor reviews by saying that all of them are pretty highly rated because ON's proteins taste significantly better than much of their competition's proteins.The flavors:French Caramel Toffee: 7/10. This protein flavor is pretty adequate at achieving the caramel taste with a hint of toffee at the end but it comes with a pretty bad aftertaste that caused me to not want to purchase it again.Vanilla Icecream: 8/10. An overall good flavor but it lacks a really vanilla-y taste that some of their other flavors do have. So if your looking for a mild vanilla flavor then this it the one I would choose.Rocky Road: 8/10. This product tastes a lot like the french caramel toffee one but with a less bad aftertaste, but the aftertaste still isn't great. With milk this one is pretty solid overall but when taken with water the aftertaste becomes even more apparent.Chocolate: 9/10. ON's chocolate is probably their most popular flavor and for good reason. Its a delicious flavor that successfully tastes good in both water and milk. A good choice for your first flavor from them.French Vanilla: 9/10. The best vanilla I have tasted to date. It is more flavorful than the vanilla ice-cream and only has a semblance of a bad aftertaste when mixed with water and no bad aftertaste when mixed with milk.Extreme chocolate: 9/10. Very strong chocolate flavor that I found pretty delicious and very sweet. If sweetness isn't your thing I would steer clear of this chocolate and go for the plain one instead.I hope this helps and I will update as I try new flavors!  