review/text: I decided to take up yoga and really knew nothing about what I needed, except that I needed a mat. I bought this after looking at a few other offerings. I've used it for about 3 months now and this is my review.When I first took the mat to class I found it to be a little slippery. My instructor said that this is common with new mats and suggested I soak it in a soapy water filled bathtub overnight. She said that they sometimes have a coating on them from the manufacturing process. I actually put it in my side loading clothes washer and used the "hand wash" cycle. (don't try this in a top loader, it will probably destroy the mat). The washer did the trick and the slipperiness went away. The mat is thin, but not thinner than most others I see in class. When we do poses that require us to put pressure on the knees, sometime I put a towel under my knee. The matt itself doesn't provide a lot cushion. However, I read that thicker mats can make it more difficult to balance on, for example when you are doing one-legged poses.The blocks are very light and work well. If you are just starting out in yoga, and not very flexible, you really want to have blocks. Invest in a set if you do not buy a "kit" like this. They allow you to do some poses that you might not be able to do otherwise.I haven't used the strap yet, but I'm not sure how much you can say about a simple strap. I'm sure it works.The case (bag) can hold the mat and both blocks. However the material is very thin. After a couple of weeks, the stitching started to separate on mine. I need to either re-sew it before it completely comes apart or buy a sturdier one.Overall, other than the problems with the case, I'm satisfied with my purchase. It has everything you need to start out in yoga, at a very reasonable price.UPDATE - When my bag stitching started to rip I thought that I had must received a poorly made one. However, my daughter bought the same set, and the stitching on her bag is starting to come apart as well, after a couple of weeks of use. While I still think the mat and blocks are OK, the bag, in my opinion, is poorly made. I have change my rating from 4 stars to 2 based on the issues we had with the bag.  