review/text: I must admit, even with the 100+, mostly glowing reviews, I was sceptical when I bought this. I thought that adding this stuff to my diet would have, at best, a negligible impact on my health. I've never been so glad to be wrong.First off, let me address the energy boost. Now, reading the reviews, I saw plenty of people claiming that this gave them energy, but when I looked up Green Vibrance' ingredient list I saw that it contained green tea extract. So of course, I thought that the energy boost was from caffeine and nothing else. However, I'm pretty sure I can tell when I'm on caffeine. I never drank soda or coffee as a child so I'm very sensitive to it, and as far as I can tell the energy boost doesn't come from caffeine. This product does indeed make me feel energized but it's a clean, non-stimulating kind of energy, if that makes any sense. It lasts all day too. Simply put, I'm 25 now, but when I consume this, I feel like I have the energy I did in my late teens.Second, I didn't think that adding it to my daily diet would have an impact on my health because I'm already sort of a health nut. I exercise regularly and have a diet that consists almost entirely of whole grains, veggies, fruits, legumes, and lean meat. Except for the weird stuff in it like milk thistle extract, I didn't think it would contain anything that I'm not already getting plenty of! But my hair and skin are more moist, I'm sleeping about thirty minutes less a night, and I even feel as if I can think a little more clearly.Now, everything that I've written can still be chalked up to the placebo effect. However, there's one more thing it's done for me that cannot be attributed to placebo, the reason I'll be buying Green Vibrance for the conceivable future. I've been dealing with chronic dry, red eyes and joint pain since my early teens, and nothing I've tried, and I've tried EVERYTHING, has been able to change that. I've spent a considerable amount of money on internists and rheumatologists throughout my adult life, and none of them have ever been able to find anything wrong with me. I'd resigned myself to putting in some Visine and popping some Ibuprofen whenever my symptoms flared up, but honest to God, a few days of Green Vibrance has cleared those problems right up. I wish I knew what was in this stuff that could have such an effect on me, and I know it isn't the Vitamin D either because I get plenty of sunlight when I'm out running! What I do know is that I'm completely sold on this product.If, after reading all of this, you're still sceptical like I was, try a month's supply and see how it makes you feel. I can almost guarantee that you won't regret it.  