review/text: I gave this product 4 stars because it is a very good product if, and when, it works for you, and you have a confirmed hypo thyroid issue.This supplement worked wonders for my father. It seemed to get his thyroid working better after the stresses of law school that created his exhausted thyroid issue.I've had thyroid issues, or so I was told, for years now. I began taking this thyroid supplement years ago and it seemed the initial effects were wonderful and then the wonderful turned into terrible. At first I lost weight and bloating and my mood was better and it seemed I wasn't so tired all the time. It was doing it's job perfectly. After about 3 weeks of use I gained an alarming amount of weight in just a week, 10 lbs to be exact. I hadn't been that heavy since I was 6 months pregnant, and the swiftness of the weight gain made me really scared that something was incredibly wrong. I decided rather than going to the doctor I would just double the amount I was taking, maybe it meant that my thyroid was really stressed. Well...that made everything worse. I started getting terrible water retention and the weight wouldn't go anywhere even with vigorous workouts. Actually, those seemed to make it worse somehow. Finally, I decided to stop taking the supplement just to see if maybe it was the culprit. I was right, it seemed that something in this supplement was NOT what I needed.With the incredible lack of research into most herbs there is very little information about natural supplements and their effects on people. Because we are all so different in our chemical makeup there is never a way to really know what will happen after taking a product, but proper research and access to information would be enormously helpful. My doctor had nothing to say about this product or any of its contents because she didn't have the knowledge relating to natural or herbal supplements.People are so quick to say "check with your doctor before taking any medications" well the honest truth of the matter is most doctors have no idea what these medication will do or how they interact with other meds. Herbs are powerful and should garner the same respect as any other medicine out there, and this is not just from the consumer, but also from the medical industry itself resulting in proper research of their effects. I am annoyed that I couldn't find any information on the net about my issue with any of these herbs. My last resort was to set up an appointment with a naturopathic doctor, which was a complete waste of time and an incredible amount of money spent on a 15 minute meeting that garnered zero knowledge. Oh yeah...NO! speaking to the company is not the thing to do because they will not be able to diagnose ANYTHING in customer service. That is like asking customer service at wal mart to explain the inner workings of your computer, they can sell it to you, but Geek Squad they are not unless you are extraordinarily lucky.  