review/text: I used to have an Emjoi that was battery powered, and that ended up lasting 3 years which I think is pretty good for the price. Eventually, changing the batteries didn't help anymore so I was determined to find an Emjoi that was electric.I love the fact that this has so many tweezer heads as my old one only had two so I definitely noticed a huge decrease in time. Now I'm able to do my legs and much more in the same amount of time. I definitely noticed a difference in speed from my old Emjoi so I had to get used to how fast this new one was which can make it a little more painful than before. I do notice that if the hairs are a little too long that the Emjoi will cut the hair rather than pull it out so it tends to leave red bumps because of that. After they're cut though, the hairs get pulled out much more easily.I love the fact that the whole thing is super easy to clean. Every part of it is detachable: both the epilator and razor heads, and the brush it comes with makes the whole process very easy.The epilator is a bit bulky, but it just takes some minor manuevering adjustments to your old technique, and it works just fine. The only thing I would change is to have the cord come out of the bottom rather than the side because it can make using it a bit awkward at times.*Update 9/19/12: After a couple of months of repeated use, I did notice that it was running as well as it once did, and while using it, I accidentally dropped it. Needless to say, one of the gears was jammed on something, and I then began my disassembling project.I took off the plastic housing for the tweezers and the gears. After taking the cleaning brush to all of the parts that had accumulated gunk and hair over time, I then began the process of reassembling all of the bits together again. *Note: be very careful with the tweezers as they can be very tedious to put back in order, and come off the rotating rod very easily.After much care and cleaning, I am happy to report that the epilator now runs like new! Just make sure that when you do decide to take on the task of cleaning it that you are very careful in putting everything back as it was otherwise the tweezers won't be able to line up and run properly.Update 2/11/13: RIP epilator. My Emjoi has officially kicked the bucket. It was working fine for a bit, but then began to run slower and slower with each use. Now it painfully turns the tweezers at a snail's pace. Too bad the year warranty ran out. This definitely seems like a well-timed flaw to me, and I will not be purchasing another Emjoi product.  