review/text: I had to fix mine and I will get into that in a minute, but first some background on how I got here.I first found out about these Jeanie Rub Massagers through my professional chiropractor who literally used to hide it under the table until I was laying down and then hide it again when he was done with my session. The last time I went in for an adjustment I basically demanded to see what the wonderful tool was that he had been using on me. His was chrome and not painted black like these so I believe his was the older model made by Morfam but the same design.So when I saw they sold the Jeanie Rub on Amazon I jumped on it and ordered one right away as my back has been hurting a lot again and I figured for the price of a visit to the chiropractor I could just about buy one of these and have my wife use it on my back everyday.Today my Jeanie Rub arrived and seemed fine from the outside. It was boxed in the Jeanie Rub box which was inside the regular Amazon box with the air bags to protect it and all of the cardboard seemed straight so it was not likely damaged in shipping. Everything seemed hunky dory and fine until I plugged it in for the first time and heard it RATTLING! I knew they were loud but this thing was REALLY loud and RATTLED like crazy. I knew they weren't supposed to sound like this because my Chiropractor's never made that sound so I started investigating to see if I could fix it myself and luckily I was able to. I immediately discovered the top part (the handle portion) was loose on the base and could easily be rotated from side to side which obviously did not seem correct to me.To fix the rattle: carefully peel back the black Jeanie Rub decal on the top of the handle area to reveal the two stop nuts that hold the handle down to the base. Using a 9mm socket snug the nuts up (turn clockwise) until the handle is not wobbling on the base. I had to turn each nut about a half of a turn before it was snug enough. I carefully replaced the decal and started it up. I was pleased to find it seems fine now but I have not used it much yet and will be contacting Jeanie Rub support tomorrow when they are open again to verify this is how to fix it and confirm the way I resolved the problem will not affect my one year warranty.I have no way of knowing if it came from Jeanie Rub this way (with a loose handle) or if the Amazon vendor (Pro Therapy Supplies, LLC) knowingly shipped me a unit with a loose handle or what. At this point I am just glad to have a working device here and I don't have to ship it back or wait for a replacement but would still like some answers as to how this "brand new" unit arrived in this state.I read the very brief owners manual cover to cover and they actually say in the manual "...If you are accustomed to a previous model, this faster speed may seem too rough. Please be assured there is nothing wrong as each unit is individually tested." After reading that sentence, if I had not already used one before I might have assumed they just normally rattle that way. I am glad I decided to go ahead and pull the decal and fix it myself though because now it seems fine. Okay this review is more than long enough, time to go ask the wife if she is ready to try the new unit out.***Update: Mr Babb from the Core Products who now makes the Jeanie Rub promptly returned my email and phone call confirming that this method was the correct procedure to fix the rattling from the Jeanie Rub if the handle portion is loose and suggested that it had come loose during shipping. He confirmed this would not void my warranty and that it would also not deter from the longevity of the unit.  