review/text: I really thought this product was great. It did what it was marketed to do and had very little side-effects.Other products I have taken that contain diuretics have made me almost miserable. I drink a gallon of water a day, and my schedule forces me to work out at night. Given the mass volumes of water I take in at the gym, and throw in a diuretic, and I was up peeing LITERALLY every 15-20 minutes the first two hours after going to bed. This was not the case with Animal Cuts. It did make me pee more, but not to the point of being a nuisance. You will want to drink a lot more water with this product.I've read a lot about dramatically increased sweating. While I do feel "warmer" it's not at all unpleasant, and I only sweat more during situations that would make me sweat in the first place anyways. In other words, sitting in my air conditioned office didn't make me sweat. Running outside, I did sweat considerably more. But there was no body odor or anything, nor sweating through my dress shirts. I'm not a naturally sweaty guy, so maybe if you struggle with heavy perspiration, you may want to be careful.It had some great effects in other fields, actually. Maybe it was a placebo, but I find myself more focused on my projects at work while I'm taking this. Less "ADD-like". This is a definite perk. During seminars and meetings, I was less likely to zone out or get bored. I was firing out solutions like a pro. I've never been a big caffeine drinker, so maybe it was just the caffeine-high, but I definitely enjoyed it.Of course, the assistance in working out was great. It will work better for those of you who work out in the morning, but since I work out around 9:00 PM, Animal Cuts is basically out of my system. However, with my busy schedule, without this product I would be crashing by 9:00, so it still was great.The side-effects while on the product weren't bad. The first time I took it, the appetite suppressant hit so hard I couldn't even finish a small bowl of oatmeal. After that, though, it was just a great curb. I no longer crave the cookies my co-workers bring in, and my normally insatiable appetite is at a healthy limit now. Only time it gets bad is at night. After my post-workout meal, and about an hour before bed, Animal Cuts is completely out of my system and I am famished. I have to chug a protein shake or just go to bed to keep myself from making a second dinner.There is also the occasional heart burn. I can literally tell once it is kicking in, because I feel a sensation similar to slight acid reflux in my belly. This fades quickly, and never caused much discomfort. I honestly strangely appreciated the sensation. Products like Lipo 6x, I never felt anything at all, so I couldn't tell if it was working or not. This let me know that the product was kicking in, and this helped me psychologically as well. The only time it got bad was when I had a lot of spicy foods with it, then my heart burn was pretty bad.The worst side-effect was AFTER taking it. At the end of my 3 week cycle, I took one week off as recommended. I nearly crashed. I was yawning all day every day. My workouts were a struggle. I was sleeping 10-12 hours a night. It wasn't pretty. Maybe it was a coincidence and I was just having a rough week, but I think it was coming down off the "high" of Animal Cuts.It is a lot of pills. It never bothered me at all, since they are pre-packed. They have some sweetener coated on them, though, that made me gag a bit. My cupboard actually smells like them, and that smell makes me a bit uneasy, probably from the association. I would prefer just plan pills. I'm not 8 years old, I don't need candy coating to take pills.One issue I had is one I have with all thermogenics. The 30 minutes before you eat rule is a bit of a drag. It means I can't wake up and just eat breakfast and get ready for work. It also means if I want to take animal cuts before a run in the morning, I have to wake up 30 minutes before my run, or skip eating a meal and run on an empty stomach. Not a big deal, just a nuisance.So this review is a bit unorganized, but those are my thoughts on Animal Cuts. I will continue to use it, as it really made other products (Hydroxycut, I'm looking at you) look like amateur stuff. I never suffered insomnia on the product, and it was a great pick me up in the morning.Also, if I see you post "My diet kind of sucked when I took this...I didn't lose anything" I will hunt you down and punt you. This isn't a diet pill. It works with your body. It gives you 25%, you have to do the other 75%.  