review/text: If you are looking for AA batteries with significantly more power than other commonly available AA NiMH batteries, get the Duracell 2650mah if you can find them. I had been searching for high-performance AA batteries for quite some time before I stumbled across these in a CVS. My purchase was a wise one as these have outperformed every other AA I have tested, including those rated at 2500mah.My specific application was supplying power to a homemade bicycle light that uses the recently-released, world's most powerful LED emitter: the Seoul Semiconductor P7. It has a 900 lumen output and consumes up to 12 watts of electricity. This means in the best of circumstances, I will get about 70 minutes of runtime at full power.While I don't have any test equipment to truly assess the performance of these batteries, I am struck by their apparent performance compared to that of other AA batteries in my bicycle light. Swapping out 2500mah batteries from an unnamed Asian vendor with these, the light overheated in a matter of minutes. I actually had to change my resistor circuitry to accommodate the extra power. While this performance doesn't indicate a longer battery life, it does suggest the batteries have a greater current output a given voltage, leading a to a greater power output. Note that I have the LED module crudely connected in series with two large resistors instead of a more elegant DC converter setup. In practice, I have been getting over an hour of runtime.For some reason, these batteries are difficult to obtain in retail stores. The same CVS sells 2450mah (or less) AA batteries by Duracell. While I haven't tested these, the new rating could merely be an act of conservatism. I was, however, able to purchase a second set of these batteries on eBay from what appeared to be overstocked merchandize vendor. They also appear to be available from Amazon at the time of this review.All things considered, I would highly recommend these batteries, especially if you have a high-performance application. They appear to well worth the effort of ordering them from an online vendor.  