review/text: We did a lot of research before deciding on a potty chair. There is a lot of competition and one thing I was especially concerned about was the pee guard injuring my little boy. I had read many reviews on different potty chairs about their boys hurting themselves when they stand up and even being cut by the rough edges of the pee guard. This potty chair is 5 stars in this department. The guard is soft flexible plastic and I actually like the fact that it's easily removable. My guy doesn't have any interest in pulling it off, though if he was I'm sure I'd not be crazy about it either.My son is very tall for his age and many of the potty chairs we've tried were just too short for him. This one is still a bit short, but better than any other we've tried. He seems to really like sitting on it and he gets down to business right away, something he never did with other potty chairs and I assume it's because they were just uncomfortable.I also love that this one duos as a step stool for use in front of the sink when brushing teeth, washing hands, etc. It also works great when you use the removable seat on the big potty to help your little one get up onto the seat.Overall, it's very versatile and I like most of the features. Though I do have to agree that Elmo is very annoying! As other reviewers have stated, the "high five" isn't much of a reward when it's constantly getting bumped before your little one is even done on the potty. I, too, took the batteries out of ours to avoid the headache. My son doesn't even really care for the voices and that's not why we bought it anyway.My one major gripe (now that Elmo is silenced!) is that it can be cumbersome to take the seat off the base for emptying the pot. I didn't see any other reviewers mention this so I thought I'd better. It's secured by 4 tabs that you occasionally have to push in from underneath to release. Imagine how fun that is with a pot full of poop and pee! If it weren't for the fact that this potty chair is also a step stool and works with the big potty as well and that it is the perfect size for our little guy, I would not have kept it. But compared to all the other chairs we tried, this one fit our needs the best.  