review/text: This item has really been a Godsend for me, I cannot praise it enough. It has given me the freedom to be able to go on vacation and wear a bikini without having to spend 45 mins in the bathroom shaving every other day, I can go to the closet and pick out a skirt or sleeveless top without having to worry that I did not shave my legs or underarms. I can be with my partner at anytime without worrying about the stubble appearing on my legs.I honestly dont know why I did not buy this before, I think it is because my mother used to have an ancient epilator that I used once and never tried again due to the incredible pain and the fact that it barely removed any hairs.I got to the point of being so sick of shaving every day for 15 years, I read the reveiws saying the the epilators have come a long way and and decided to try it again. The first time you use it it is very important to grit your teeth and just go for it, it hurts but you must do it, do all of the areas you usually shave including underarms and bikini line. It is true that the Braun makes epilating the knees pretty impossible but that is the only downside, it is an excellent machine, and removes 100% of hairs that are not to short for it to grasp. The hair only needs to be about 2mm for the Braun to be able to pull it. The pain releiving head really helps also, it is much like when the nurse scratches your arm prior to taking blood, it kind of very lightly scratches your skin as it goes along so that the hair pulling is not so painful, it sounds bad but is not, it makes it much easier to bear.If you can grit your teeth and bear the first couple of times you epilate, it becomes much easier as you get used to it, the hair gets weaker and weaker every time you epilate and is removed easier every time. Dont forget the hair grows in cycles so you will have to epilate a few times, possibly every 3-4 days until all the hair is gone. After that it will stay relatively smooth for several weeks. When it does grow back it will come gradually and it will be thinner and softer, there will not be that stubbly feeling as when you shave. You will be able to get away with wearing skirts and having somebody touch your legs even while it is growing back through.If you can bear the pain the first few times, and really give this product a chance you will be so thankful that you did, you will be so rewarded in ways that you probably would not even have noticed before. Just being able to jump into the pool when friends come over, or a spontaneous afternoon at the beach without the headache of having to prepare.Really the epilator has given me a freedom I have wished for all my life, I am kicking myself that I did not buy it before. It is worth every penny. I could never find the time to go to the salon to get waxed, or justify the expense, and the home kits are awkward and messy, you have to be a double-jointed octopus to get to everywhere that needs waxing, and it would take a lot of boxes and a hell of a lot of time to do a whole 2 legs, bikini and underarms. So I have shaved all my life. There were never any other options, I thought about laser but it is too expensive, time consuming, and I have been told the hairs do grow back. The epilator has been my answer to the eternal hair removal dilema and this particular model is excellent, it has given me my 'hairless dream'! saved me so much time, and for only $60! Worth 10 stars and then some.  