review/text: Crest Pro-Health is a mouthrinse that has no alcohol (less burning, less drying of mouth), which is rare in a mouthwash, as most mouthwashes are at least 50% or more alcohol (alcohol is a good disinfectant). To replace the antibacterial effect of the alcohol, Crest has added the agent CPC (cetylpyridinium chloride). This is a positively charged molecule that is drawn to the negatively charged bacteria in one's mouth. CPC causes death of the bacteria through destroying the cell's membrane. Thus, it does indeed kill bacteria and bacteria is what causes bad breath, gingivitis, and cavities.The addition of CPC does not come without drawbacks however. There are two main side effects that may cause consumers to avoid this product. First and foremost, when CPC kills bacteria, and the bacteria are not removed from the teeth, they eventually stain brown. Thus, if the consumer is not extremely diligent in removing plaque by brushing thoroughly and flossing at least once per day, there is the almost certain result of brown staining. The stain will appear between the teeth, as this is where bacteria primarily reside. The stain is not permanent, and can be removed, but it can be unsightly. (Be aware that the presence of brown stain means the product is working). To avoid staining, one must thoroughly brush one's teeth and floss BEFORE rinsing for one minute with Crest Pro-Health. Since the recommendation is to rinse twice a day (as CPC lasts 12 hours), the thorough cleaning must be done each time. Be aware that Staining is furthered by the drinking of coffee and dark colas.The second side-effect is a possible taste alteration associated with CPC. Food may have a slightly metalic taste. This is not reported by all users.From a dentist's perspective, this is a good product, but it is not for everyone. Since most people do not thoroughly brush and floss their teeth twice a day, most people will experience the brown staining and cease to use this product (thus all the negative product reviews). If you are willing to do the work of a thorough cleaning twice a day, then this product will further improve your oral health by killing bacteria.The final drawback (not usually mentioned) is the price. This bottle holds 500 ml of rinse. If one uses 10 ml per use and uses 20 ml per day, this product will not last a month. So one may go through two bottles a month.This product requires much of the user in terms of oral hygiene and pocket-book cost. It is a good, safe, and effective product, however, one must carefully consider if the required motivation is present before purchasing the rinse. It is not for everyone.This manufacturer is charging over $5.00 for a product that goes for less through other suppliers. If you want to try this product, choose a different manufacturer. I give this manufactuer one-star. The product itself, in terms of effectiveness is rated 3-stars.Dr. Jim Koenig, DDS  