review/text: Or a better question is, which toothbrush did I return to the store? Easy answer, I kept the Oral-B. In beginning this review, this is a toothbrush, not necessarily my own subjective opinion, therefore someone can say one product will generally perform better than that other, considering they are not too much alike.This toothbrush just works better than the Sonicare, Fact. From the start, I used the Sonicare more than the Oral-B, so it would seem logical to assume I would like the Sonicare better? Not so. I have faith, if you compared the two toothbrushes over a period of time, side by side, use after use, you would find the Oral-B cleans better.I used the Sonicare for over 2 months, brushing 3 times a day. Overall, a good toothbrush. I was impressed at the beginning coming from an old battery operated toothbrush. However, I started to notice something. The Sonicare toothbrush only cleans so much, especially over time. Yes, splashing water in your mouth seems like it would do better, but the key is it does not "scrub" like the Oral-B does. This is key, between the two toothbrushes, is how they "scrub". The Sonicare merely vibrates and it just does not scrub and remove plaque like the Oral-B does. It moves in such a small motion it doesn't do very much, funny huh? Remember that old commercial where they stick a Sonicare in a bowl of water and it moves more water than the other toothbrush? Well, the truth is, moving water does not "scrub" your teeth that well. Yes, moving water is good for flossing like the Waterpik, but you need to scrub your teeth not vibrate them. Therefore, I found over time, the Sonicare did not remove nearly as much plaque.The Oral-B scrubs like a champ, making circular, high speed motions. My teeth collect plaque easily. I'm not a hard brusher by any means. But the Sonicare does not scrub as good; you almost feel the Sonicare is just trying to vibrate the plaque away. And upon examination of my teeth, it only went so far.Now, bring in the Oral-B and you have what feels like the Sonicare pulsing motions, with one heck of a circular scrub brush. And with the FlossAction brush it really gets in-between your teeth, almost like flossing. The Sonicare brush cannot compete here. The Oral-B also comes with an outstanding polishing brush that gets your teeth sparkling. The Sonicare has nothing close to this, it's just designed differently. I also found the Oral-B to be better at covering my teeth, also reaching and massaging my gums better. Any dentist will tell you the importance of massaging your gums. The Sonicare has a small head and it's much harder to cover your teeth completely, not to mention it does not scrub in between your teeth as well. This is difficult to explain, but the designs are significantly different which effects overall performance dramatically.Yes, the Oral-B is a louder toothbrush by far. But who cares, when you see and feel how it cleans you will be impressed with it. The Sonicare does feel more durable, but the catch is, it does not clean as well. I'm buying a toothbrush that will get my teeth the cleanest, therefore I will not have to go back to the dentist and get a root canal, (been there done that) and the simple winner is Oral-B. Not only better, but now my teeth are whiter and cleaner, and I now brush less. Top that!  