review/text: This is the second electric razor I've ever used, and the first I've ever owned. The first time I used an electric razor was about 8 years ago. My friend had one and the convienence seemed great, so I gave it a try. I thought the skin had been peeled from my face! The shave wasn't close at all and every whisker that was left on my face seemed to have a direct line to my pain center. I had NEVER had razor burn that bad before. I swore off any and all electric razors at that point.Here recently, I was given this razor as a gift. I thought "Hey, computer technology has come a long way in 8 years, why not razors?" so I decided to give it a try. I followed the directions for setting it up and letting it charge. I decided to give it a try on a weekend evening... I was expecting MASSIVE razor burn again and I didn't want to have to go out in public afraid to have a gnat land on my skin. I used the razor. Shave was pretty close, not as close as my safety razor and cream, but pretty dang close. But, the most amazing thing.... VERY LITTLE RAZOR BURN! I couldn't believe it.. first time I used it, the skin on my neck got a little irritated and red, but nothing unbearable. The redness was gone in 15 minutes. Now, after a week of using it, there's no irritation at all! I'm amazed!Most of the reviews here have covered the features of the razor, so I thought I'd give a few tips for 'first time' electric razor owners like myself as well as a few general comments on the Braun 8585:1. Shaving before showering to improve the closeness of the shave.2. While shaving, use your other hand to 'stretch' the area you are shaving... this will help raise the hairs and make your shave closer.3. I never realized this, but shaving cream has two purposes. I always thought it was just there to lubricate your skin... turns out it also does a great job of telling you where you have and have not shaved as well! Since the Braun doesn't require shaving cream, you'll have to pay closer attention the first few times you use it to make sure you don't miss any spots. Run your hand over your face and you can usually tell if you've missed anything.4. The cleaning cycle is a bit loud... basically, it makes the razor run while flowing cleaning fluid through the head. So, it's just as load as the razor itself. It also turns on and off randomly, so it is a bit irritating. The moral of the story? Don't press the cleaning button if someone nearby is still trying to sleep.5. The included electric cord does not stretch much (maybe 4') and has to be plugged in to the back of the base stand. So, depending on your bathroom electrical outlet arrangement, you may need to get a short extension cord so that the big, ugly black cord of the razor isn't stretching all over the place.All in all, I can't recommend this shaver enough. I never thought there would be an electric razor that wouldn't irritate my skin, but it seems I've found one. It doesn't shave as close as a 'real' razor, but it is good enough for a workday. If your significant other demands baby smooth cheeks, you can always bust out the 'real' razor for date night. This razor is perfect for anyone looking to "shave" a few minutes and a lot of hassle out of their morning routine.  