review/text: I read through all the reviews from other customers before I decided to buy this product. From others' comments, I had an impression that this is the most amazing product that can resolve women's hassle about shaving! I also learned that it doesn't hurt too much, and hair doesn't grow back too fast. I even went to Braun's website to check the this product's overview and did research on other websites to evaluate whether it was worth to buy this product. Well, the opinions contributed by others here really gave me confidence that I wouldn't need to worry about my hairy body once I owned this product.So I went ahead and bought it. After it arrived, I was eager to use it. When I first time turned it on to speed 1 (I was afraid to try speed 2 because some people said that it hurts more with speed 2), I got shocked by the sound the machine makes when it turns... I hesitated if I really wanted to put this against my skin for few minutes.... Well, I thought that if I didn't try it, it would be a waste of money and time to buy and research about it online. So I tried it, and it HURT!!! The sound of the machine was extremely loud, even at speed 1!! However, I still went all the way through both of my legs.The result was just okay. Even now I have been using it for 10+ times, I still always feel that it doesn't pull my hair out completely, because I can see the very short part of the hair still sticks on my legs. The machine just doesn't pick on the hair that is as short as 0.05cm as the company claims, and this product doesn't give my legs a clean look. Just imagine when you see lots lots of this kind of broken hair that doesn't get pull out on your legs (I have run the machine 3-4 times over and the product still doesn't pick on the broken short hair as it claims to do), it is really ugly and nasty-looking. Those broken hair on my legs are also spiky, so the touch of my legs after shaving is just rough. I don't want to touch my legs after shaving.Though the machine is not satisfactory, I still use it, because I don't know about other machines. I seriously consider doing a laser surgery to remove my hair on my legs.  