review/text: I have used Green Vibrance for several years now and have to say I am very healthy for 59. I have alot of energy and feel great.I was reading the reviews and noticed one that only had one star due to the Iron content he found in version 10.1 and below. As he stated they keep changing the formula. I always assumed it was for the better. And still think that is true.His complaint was that in the 10.1 version the Iron content is very high and the newer version is lower. I have been on the automatic delivery of this product from amazon and the current jar of Green vibrance I have open and am using is the 10.1 version. He is correct the amount of iron in this version is 16.4 mg or 87% I have 2 other jars from amazon that are the 10.3 version and the Iron content is much less it is 3.72 mg or 20.8%. This is a huge difference.After learning about this from the review, I am not happy when I think about how long I have been ingesting a huge amount of Iron. The other issue I have is the soy lecithin. I used to take soy lecithin by itself and stopped due to the added estrogen and the bad information about soy even though it is non GMO. I would like to see them remove this ingredient.Out side of those 2 issues, I have not come across any other green drink that has as much in it as Green Vibrance. It eliminates having to take a fist full of vimimins and herbs.I have been taking this product since 2006.People say I look like I am in my 40's and I will be 60 in a few months. I am not over weight, I eat organically. I wake up in the morning and this is the first thing I do, mix my Green Vibrance with a glass of water and drink it like tea. I know it says to take after eating but I like it better first thing. It empties me out in the morning that way.I am gald to see they fixed the iron issue. I would hate to have to give up this product. If I get another 10.1 jar it will go back, so far the last 2 deliveries have been the newer version. In my oppinon this is by far the best green drink on the market. I will pay closer attention to what is in it. But overall I believe it is very helpful to my health.  