review/text: This is my 3rd pregnancy in 4 years and a good friend of mine rec this after carrying twins for 38 weeks who were 7 lbs each! Said it was a life saver. I was doubtful it would help but I've had lots of hip pain throughout this 3rd pregnancy and I've never worn a maternity support belt before - didn't feel I needed it and I work as an Esthetician so was on my feet working on clients til month 9 for preg 1 & 2. Out of desperation I started wearing this cradle in month 8 and it has helped. When I was smaller I didn't feel it was as helpful but maybe that's b/c I ordered a size Med and s/h gotten size Small.Key points:1. Yes it's ugly and the front straps will show under clothes unless you tuck them out of the way under your nursing bra hooks(good tip). If you are in pain you won't care.2. You could prob order a size down like others rec - I didn't thinking at pre preg size 8/10 (155 lbs), I usually gain at least 30+ lbs during pregnancy and would need the extra length. Right now at 32 weeks I wear it on the middle hooks (there are 3 sets). Where I wish there was more adjustment is the flexy material under your breasts - I guess in this respect bigger size is ok. After a long day it feels tight here and you can't let it out.3. Wish it had more sets of hooks around waist so you can adjust to shorter length during early months but suppose you could sew on your own. Also wish it wasn't white.4. I wear this over my bra and not over a tank top and don't think it scratches all that much. Granted during the summer in LA heat, I opted not to wear this b/c I was smaller and not in as much pain and it was too hot to wear with clothes. I also like this instead of the more traditional support belts b/c it's not made of neoprene or similar material which I found bulky and really hot under my clothes. When you're preggo you're already hot.5. I bought the prenatal mini cradle to try and that was stupid - just a big strip of elastic which you could make. Here w/ the prenatal cradle it's the whole contraption which makes more sense for the $$.I'd give it 5 stars if it had the above adjustments. I'd have been more inclined to wear in 2nd trimester if so and maybe that could've been a good preventive for aches and pains.  