review/text: I have been taking Heartburn Free for several years and it does work. There is a caveat that could of course help your heartburn situation and that is to change ones diet.So like a broken record I recommend...Eating an alkaline diet could substantially change the GERD, heartburn and indigestion epidemic for many people. Sugar is one of the biggest triggers for heartburn along with all the processed foods that are offered to us as "healthy" "low-fat" and "good for you".Alkalize your system. Eat your veggies.Juicing (get a great juice book like the Big Book of Juices), drinking warm water with fresh lemon in the morning and throughout the day, green tea, lots of fresh steamed greens, quinoa or brown rice with fresh vegetables, Lily of the Desert Aloe for the Stomach. Look at what you are eating and drinking : keep alcohol, coffee (unless it an acid-free variety) and sugary foods and drinks to a minimum could help to heal your system. I found that it important to drink plenty of water.Alkalizing is key to reducing or eliminating this problem along with this product.One thing I do: Twice a year I take part in The Ultimate Energy Cleanse with my yoga group. This sets my system up well to stay heartburn free. We eat fresh, delicious alkalizing foods not bland or mushy, truly delicious and at the end I feel great. The recipes from that cleanse are helpful in maintaining a happy and healthy digestive tract. My food coach Judy Griffin helps our group to stay on track. I recommend a good healthful cleanse to help you as well. Not some fad but a new way to look at how you eat and approach food does help.Along with this product. It does work but it helped me to look at the entire picture of how I was eating and being in life.When I first started taking Heartburn Free I was on Prevacid. My first step was to alternate the Heartburn Free with the Prevacid, then I took a Heartburn Free everyday for 20 days, then I moved over to every other day and have continued to do so.Please know that if you stop taking heartburn` free you will most likely, over time find that the symptoms might return so as a precaution continue or keep a supply handy as I have had re-occurences especially when I over indulge in food and drink that do not agree with my system. When I restart and get back on track with` my diet the problem disappears. good luck to you. hope this helps.  