review/text: I suffer from PCOS (Polycystic Ovarian Syndrome) which causes infertility and has a multitude of syptoms and other conditions associated: obesity, diabetes, cysts on ovaries, infertility, either severe periods or no periods, and also an over production of Testosterone leading to excess hair in places like a woman's chin, while hair loss is also part of it. It's easily treated with medication and healthy diet, when caught early. When caught early the fear of infertility is mitigated somewhat.Since I'm now medicated and starting to move into a healthy diet and my health is in order to the point where I am fertile. I am not intending on getting pregnant any time soon, nor have I ever had a child. But when I was looking for supplements to compliment my more healthy regime, I found out as a PCOS sufferer I had special needs such as an increase in a few vitamins more than others. I didn't want to sit there taking 8 pills in a day, so I was looking for an all-in-one remedy (a multivitamin) which met my needs, such as an increase in biotin, folic acid, selenium, vitamin E...there are a few more, but these were the most vital. Since PCOS is directly related with fertility and when I looked at prenatal vitamins ---prenatal vitamins were basically the remedy I was looking for.After deciding I needed to find a prenatal vitamin as they are in the range of supplements I'm looking for, I searched reviews on baby websites, about three of them. Rainbow Light was hands down the most popular of them all. I decided to give them a chance after reading the reviews, going to the official site, and also looking carefully at their supplemental precentage and ingredients. It met my needs and then some. I was then concerned on the pill intake. I'm not one to schedule my life around my pills or vitamins, so I wanted to find a one-a-day prenatal vitamin. Bless you, Rainbow Light!!I have all I need to compliment and aid in managing my PCOS even if it's mainly directed to those pregnant or looking to be pregnant. This is the best product out there for me and my condition and I do recommend any other PCOS sufferers to think of adding this vitamin to your regime.I've also complimented this with Nordic Naturals Complete Omega 3-6-9 and Vitamin Shoppe's Psyllium Husk with Acidophilus. The Vitamin Shoppe product is used because I am on a high protein diet considering I'm allergic to gluten and need to eat low carbohydrates. It's a God send in keeping me regular.To get back to Prenatal One...this is not only for the pregnant ladies or those trying to get pregnant. It will be beneficial to any woman, it's easy on the stomach. It is daunting to swallow such a big pill, I think only of the benefits and gulp. ^_^  