review/text: I am a first time Maca user, so I can only comment on the short term. I use saw palmetto, l.arginine, l.carnitine and I also STOP using them after awhile to see what it's it's like without them. I can say for sure that saw palmetto in small doses (you don't want to overuse it) absolutely increased the quality and volume of my semen, pretty important for a 60 year old man in good health with a good looking wife. Too much, and you can upset your stomach and your hormone balance. L.arginine every other day and the same with l.carnitine has had a pronounced effect on my energy levels and erectile quality. Too much and it makes me irritable and aggressive. I wanted to try Maca after much research, but didn't want to have a large quantity in case it didn't agree with me. There are various colors of Maca and flavors for each color. The black Maca is supposed to be the best, but I bought this Gold for just over $5, it's gone up a few dollars already. It has an earthy taste that is not disagreeable in a fruit smoothie. I took my first scoop on a Friday at work and I was tired from the long hours I had already put in the previous days. I had no stomach issues and I felt very calm, yet energized at the same time. This took about an hour, then later I experienced a *tingly* feeling in my genitals that I have not had since I was young or just taken viagra. I don't see any black root at Amazon right now, but for now I'm sticking with the Gold. After a few jars, I'll stop using it and see what that feels like. I don't take just any supplement that is popular. I tried glucosamine/chondrotin, for instance and NEVER got any arthritis or joint pain relief even after taking three large bottles over the span of a year or so. It just didn't work for me. I have a good feeling about this product so far. Not a tasty powder, but not bad at all in a sweet fruit smoothie.I can't emphasize the effect on the quality and quantity of my erections enough! I have spectacular nocturnal erections for a man my age. My digestion is regular and comfortable. I could stop ED meds all together and now only take them for entertainment purposes. The taste IS earthy, but it could be downright bitter (it's not) and I'd STILL love this product.  