review/text: I have given this a 5 star rating because this is a fantastic product at a competitive price. However what you will get is the cervical collar covered by the 2 way stretch cotton-poly cover not the 4 way stretch cover (Lycra). With this cover the velcro strap must be closed by attaching it to the opposing velcro piece on the other side of the opening of the collar. For my purposes this works just fine and the strap is long enough to fit multiple neck sizes. I have multiple Elasto-Gel products and I personally prefer this type of cover which is a very sturdy yet soft fabric that stays in place. Amazon's description is incorrect since it says this is the 4 way stretch fabric which is Lycra. With the Lycra fabric the velcro strap can be fastened anywhere on the collar (since the velcro adheres to the Lycra). I find the Lycra fabric to be slippery and the gel piece inside slips and doesn't stay in place as well as with the cotton-poly fabric. The style number for the cotton-poly fabric collar is CC102B and the Lycra is CC102. If you prefer one over the other make sure beforehand you are getting the right one. Generally the Lycra fabric version is more expensive. Also make sure the product you are ordering is manufactured by Southwest Technologies the company the makes all of the Elasto-Gel products.I have used Elasto-Gel products for over 20 years now for neck and back problems and can't live without them. They are so simple to heat in the microwave but be very careful not to overheat. If you hear a popping sound you have overheated it. When we recently installed a new more powerful microwave my old collar overheated and burned through through the cover (the gel did not leak per se but was sticky at the burn spot). I decided it was safer to buy a new one but please note that I got over 10 years use out of that collar.The Elasto-gel insert inside your collar will stay warm for hours if you leave it in place. The part facing away from your body will cool down but the side against your body will absorb your body heat even after it cools down from the microwave. So you can get a very hot treatment right from the microwave and then get a nice constant warm heat which for me keeps my neck warm and pain free. I even use my collar to go out in very cold weather to prevent my neck muscles from contracting due to the cold.  