review/text: I got this yesterday and right after taking it, I felt the 2+ years extreme fatigue I have... gone!The main reason I bought it was because I can't take pills anymore. I used to take Centrum in the last few years, and honestly I did not expect any major change in the way I feel, all I was looking for was something in the liquid form. So I am really surprised this feels completely different than taking Centrum.Oh, boy. I am still shocked and not sure how can this be possible, but all I can say is that this is happening. I even did some research to see if they put some sort of stimulants in it but could not find anything really bad being said online about this product.All I can say is I feel I have a lot of energy right now which is quite weird having in mind I haven't felt like this in years. Not sure what to make of the sensation yet.The energy may be due to the ginseng but I am hoping it's not. I am hoping it's just because of all the good nutrients on it.Not only my body feels different, but my mind does too. I was feeling my brain sluggish in the last years and today I felt like I'm in that movie called "Limitless", where the guy takes a pill that lets him use 100% of his brain... my brain just feels more clear, I can comprehend things better and think faster, too. Yes, it does all that. I still don't get how it's possible.I didn't even feel I needed coffee when I woke up, and somehow, even with all the energy, it didn't give me insomnia (which I usually do have).You don't have to trust what I'm saying, just get it and you will probably feel the same, in the same day (or week as others reported here).Yes, the appearance is yucky (maybe I was biased by other reviews), and although I try to think of kiwi + pineapple pur&eacute;e while taking it, I don't love the taste. But I don't mind it either, I feel I will get used to it pretty soon. Let's say that if I had to drink mud to feel the way I'm feeling right now, I would! And I don't mind it being more expensive than Centrum, because it does what Centrum doesn't. They could lower the price down a bit, though...So far, so good. I will come back to report how I'm feeling in a while. I will keep looking for bad critiques on this type of supplement as I don't want to find out in a few years that it did something bad to me... I am a bit skeptical and I am bugged that I never heard about this type of supplement before.  