review/text: I bought the chair at office depot in Las Vegas on sale. Setup was basic for an average person and took about 1 hour to assemble. One month after using the chair as my computer chair on a daily basis. (Average 2-3 hrs a day) The seat bottom flattened out completely and lost its cushion feel. Now just a flat hard bottom. This last week I found my self sitting in the chair but facing the ceiling because the welding at the seat base had cracked and broke completely. Now Im trying to find a website where I can order replacement parts and I cannot find one. Tomarro I will call the 1-800-971-4630 parts line that I found on a sticker under the chair. Over all I have liked this chair alot and enjoyed the relaxing massage after work. I wish the company that makes these would send me a new replacement. I feel that maybe this one may have been a defect or that since they may have updated the cushion and Id love to see todays product. If you are paying under $100 for it it is worth it but anything more than that is not reasonable with the product quality in the area of cushion and structual integrity. As with many office chairs I did sit in to check for comfort. I like this one because the seat back was comfortable for MY body. Consider finding this product locally and sitting in it first to see if it is comfortable for you as well. Then find your best price if you like the product. I think I will go to Office Depot and see if they still carry this one and check out what kind of quality they are putting out these days on this paticular chair. I feel that most people out there would like this product but know one thing this chair will not last 9 years by a long shot so if you can get a 9 year guarantee as Ive seen on a couple of websites go for it and save all your documentation. Good luck!! Since the purchase of this chair you can now buy a Homedics Shihatsu masage chusion for your office chair and it is designed for office chairs with high back designs. Consider buying one of these if you want a real massage. This chair only gives you a vibrating massage but has nice options and a unique overall massage program that will give you some relaxation. Sorry to say it dosnt come with "Happy Ending" feature! haha  