review/text: I wanted a pill organizer that would help me keep track of my pills and remind me to take them. Enter the Telemergency Royalty 100.PROS:First, the positives. I like that it has slots for all seven days of the week, four times a day: morning, noon, evening and bedtime.There is a small portable pill box in the timer that can be removed and carried around.That's all I can think of.CONS:Like most 28 slot pill organizers, this one is large and unwieldy. It's almost 8 inches in diameter. Be ready to find a space on the counter.The cover rotates around the face to give access to the pills. It does not rotate easily. Grandma with arthritis would have problems. If one wants to latch the cover, there is only one position to do it in, which necessitates rotating the cover around with every use.The clock/timer/alarm is the selling point of the product, yet it is so frustratingly unintuitive. I could not do something so simple as programmng in the time. I went to the users manual and found that to program the time, I do not press "set." No, that would be too easy. I must press "snooze" and "mode" together and hold for 3 seconds. To change the hour, I press the set button until it scrolls to the correct hour. I must then hit "mode." I hit "set" to scroll through the minutes. When I have everything perfect, I must press "snooze." ??? Who came up with all that?It gets even better. Only one alarm per day can be set. If I want to ring again the next day, I must enter the "set" function and then press "snooze."If I have multiple pills to take, I must set the timer (different from the alarm function but easier to use, in my opinion) each time I take my pills. I press the "mode" button until it reaches the number of hours I need it to count down from and then press "set." If I make a mistake, it will not let me reset the timer. I must wait until the timer goes off or else take out the battery, reset the clock and then reset the timer. I haven't found any other way.The countdown timer can only be set to the hour.CONCLUSIONI would not recommend the Royalty 100 for the elderly or anyone who needs simplicity and an easy way to get to their medication. I wouldn't even buy it again for myself. A plain weekly pill organizer would work better. Otherwise, keep the users manual handy. It should be stored near the Royalty.  