review/text: Wow, for the first time in my LIFE I think I know what it feels like to have warm feet all the time. I am one of those women with really really low blood pressure, which means I'll be healthy a long time, but I live a life of continual finger-and-toe freezing.These boots are excellent. Portable, and work just as well for me as dunking my feet into a tub of hot water, without the mess of water and towels and heating up a kettle! I can put these on first thing in the morning after about a minute and a half in the microwave, and they just warm my feet right up. No more cramps!The outside of the boot is made of a very thin slightly fuzzy material, which isn't very soft or very thick and insulative, but the heating part of the boot makes up for that. They *help* to keep the top, sides, back, of the foot and ankle warm, although I find it's better to wear thick fuzzy socks inside the boot (plus I don't want to get them dirty). The instructions say "wipe with a damp cloth" to clean. Uh-huh. Right. In other words, you don't clean these. The booties are huge, I have size 9 feet and they could literally be fit over my flat shoes. Since they are not made for walking around, that doesn't matter too much if you are sitting in one spot working on your computer or reading a book, though.The heating part of the boot is a foot-shaped, large flat beanbag pad full of lavender and buckwheat and other stuff which sits in the bottom of the boot, and can be removed. They can slide around just a little too, because the boot is so big, and they are not held down with any kind of fastener. No big deal, just don't bother walking around.I bought these boots with a heated footrest, theIndus-Tool TT Toasty Toes Ergonomic Heated Footrest. While the footrest is a little funky because it gets too hot, when I put these boots on and rest them on the footrest, the Toasty Toes keeps the boots nice and warm ALL DAY! No running back and forth to the microwave!This would probably work with a really hot heating pad or heated mat too. The footrest by itself isn't satisfactory because while it cooks the bottom of the foot, the top, back, and sides remain cold. But wearing the boots, it absorbs and diffuses the direct heat from the foot rest to a comfortable level, and it keeps the back and top of the foot warm also, so all around I have found a glorious system for warm feet.  