review/text: It seemed like it was a deal to buy this product from Amazon as opposed to the manufacturer becasue Amazon claims they include the optional finger sensor, which alone could cost another $20.However, my package did NOT include the finger pulse sensor as was advertised. When I contacted customer service, they said they were too busy to send me the finger pulse sensor, and instead suggested that I take more of my time to package and return the item for an exchange or for my money back minus a 20% restocking fee. I attached what they sent me below.Amazon's customer service should be ashamed of their response. I may have to cancel scheduled sessions with clients depending on how long Amazon takes to send me my new package. Amazon's customer service responded to me "As I'm sure you can understand, our Fulfillment Centers are vast, and we process thousands of orders each day." No Amazon, I don't understand??? You are busy because customers like me are giving you business, and when you screw up, you put the responsability on customers like me to fix it?At this point Amazon, the only way I can think to fix this problem is by not burdening you with anymore of my business that apparently keeps you from properly fulfilling orders and fixing your mistakes. Next time I'll spend the extra $20 and buy the product directly from the manufacturer as someone who values reliability and being valued as a customer at a time when every dollar counts.Amazon's Response to me:Hello,I am sorry to hear about the problem you experienced with your shipment. It is certainly not our intention to ship defective products to our customers.We always appreciate customer input on how we can improve our store, and I've forwarded your message to our shipping department.I'm not able to replace individual "finger pulse sensor" from a set, but I'll replace the set for you. Once you've received it, please ship back the original set. As I'm sure you can understand, our Fulfillment Centers are vast, and we process thousands of orders each day. In addition to this, most of our processes are automated which makes it impossible for us to take away individual pieces from a set.  