review/text: Slim-Fast will work, but you have to follow the plan AND exercise. It is a basic low-calorie diet, which is effective as long as you're burning more calories than you're consuming. I take the shake for breakfast, the shake with some veggies from our cafeteria for lunch, then work out after work to up the calories burnt, then try have a reasonable dinner.One important note is that they consider a "sensible dinner" to be about 500 calories. This isn't that bad if you cook at home, but I know of very few restaurants where you can get a meal with only 500 calories. Portion control is king.You could get the same benefits as this product by just picking and choosing what you eat, but for roughly $.50 a serving the price is decent. I do find that I can go 3-4 hours before I start getting hungry again, and it can be even longer if I keep myself busy, and my mind occupied by other things. They also recommend that you snack (on their snacks of course!) throughout the day to control your hunger cravings. I've not had to do so, and I figure if I can skip the snacks then it'll lower my overall calorie count. If you are finding that you get hungry more often, try snacks that are higher in protein and fiber.Other reviewers have complained about the sugar. As prepared there's 11g of sugar per serving, and each serving when mixed as directed is 10% of your total daily carbs (granted that's calculated for a 2000 calorie diet, and on this plan you're closer to 1200-1500, but it's still not as bad as some make it out to be). While it's true that sugars are "empty" calories, when you consider that each serving is only 200 calories it's really not that bad. The sugar also gives you a little bit of a boost right after drinking the shake. Avoid this product if you're on a low-carb (IE Adkins or South Beach) diet, otherwise follow the plan and it will work.My only complaint is this particular flavor. I find there's a bit of an unpleasant aftertaste. I guess it's kinda a soy flavor, but I really can't place it precisely. I do find that it's only with this flavor, however. I prefer the Vanilla and Milk Chocolate flavors, but this is entirely personal preference.Overall it's a good product, and my only complaint is a matter of personal preference.  