review/text: We just built a house in the woods, and couldn't sit long on our new deck or patio without being hassled by bees & wasps. I bought wasp spray and several traps, and maintained the traps as instructed from spring through fall. My results:Rescue WHYTR-BB8 W-H-Y Trap For Wasps, Hornets and Yellow Jacketswas hands-down the best, never failing to catch at least a dozen wasps, hornets and yellow jackets per week. The refills (Sterling Intl. WHYTA-DB12 Wasp, Hornet & Yellow Jacket Trap) contain 3 different lures and last 2-3 weeks (tip: refill once the liquid lure has evaporated). This trap worked best when hung on the trunk of a smaller tree, where it was head-high and mostly shaded, and at the edge of the woods. It was much less effective hanging from the deck railing. It caught several kinds of bugs that are identified as wasps on the package (mostly ones that look like big yellow jackets), but like all of the traps I tried, it caught none of the all-brown, long-winged, skinny things I think of as "wasps."The yellow-jacket-only version of the W-H-Y trap,Rescue YJTR-SF4 Reuseable Yellowjacket Trap with Attractant, similarly caught at least a dozen each week, but there were several types (presumably wasps & hornets) that I would find in the W-H-Y trap and not in this one. Biggest advantage: the yellow jacket lure (Rescue YJTC-SF9 Yellow Jacket Attractant Cartridge) is larger than the one used in the W-H-Y trap, and lasts at least 10 weeks rather than 2-3.The cheapoTrademark Beehive Wasp Trap, Yellowsurprisingly did next best, although it was not nearly as effective as the Rescue traps. Using sugar water or fruit punch with a squirt of dish soap (to lessen the surface tension, so bugs drown easier) as the lure, and hung on a tree along the wood line, this trap typically caught a few yellow jackets (?) per week (and on occasion, a bunch of beetles).The best-looking traps,Springstar GWT1 Glass Wasp Trap(which came with aSpringstar Wasp & Yellow Jacket Lure) andGarden Delight Wasp Trap(which came with no lure), were, alas, mostly useless, whether used with a Springstar/OakStump lure or the punch/soap mixture described above. I had these on the patio and fence, and tried locations sitting in the shade and hanging in the sun, including a spot that is 20' from a very active yellow jacket nest. I only caught two yellow jackets in these traps all year, along with a bunch of moths and assorted other bugs. I assume they would have been more effective out at the edge of the woods, but I got these traps because they were nice enough to have out where I could see them. They are a bit more trouble to clean & refill than any of the other traps mentioned. I didn't have any problem with the coloring running or coming off, even after several months of fully-exposed weathering & bi-weekly cleaning with a hose sprayer-nozzle.I hungFiremaster 00900 Beee Free Natural Wasp Deterrent 2-packunder eaves on two sides of the house, but it's hard to say how well they worked. (These are fake nests made of thin paper like Chinese lanterns, are supposed to fool wasps into avoiding an area because a nest is already there.) On one side, where I'd previously sprayed two paper wasp nests withRaid Wasp and Hornet Killer, 14 oz. can, we got no more wasps. On the other side, I hung the fake nest above the 1st floor patio; the 2nd floor porch above it still has wasps living between the decking.Next year, I'll stick to an assortment of the Rescue traps (hung out of sight) and lures, along with the Raid spray (which was 100% effective -- I also sprayed several wasps and nests by my front & garage doors; this spray is easy to aim and reaches 15 - 20' with no problem. I got every wasp I aimed at, and each fell down and died before it could fly away.)NB: None of the traps caught any of the (many!) bumblebees that are here. The Rescue traps/lures also claim that they will not trap beneficial honeybees (which I don't have here, AFAIK).  