review/text: The key thing in an electric shaver is getting the whiskers to the cutting blades. If the foil is too thick, or the holes in the foil don't get the stubby hairs inside, the shave won't be close. My whiskers grow flat along my skin in some parts of my face, especially in my throat area. The heads of most electric shavers just glided over them without picking them up. I could only get a close shape with a blade. My previous Panasonic wet/dry shaver had little rubber fins (like on some of the better Gillette razors) at the leading edges of the foil to lift up the flat hairs so they could go into the foil. That was the best electric shave I had ever gotten up to now. But Panasonic no longer sells any model with those fins, and the replacement foils with the fins for my shaver have been discontinued.I looked around for current shavers that might have a new approach. Shaving with a blade every day is just too hard on my skin. I came across these Brauns 8595 and 8585. The explanation of the new foil design approach seemed to make enough sense to give it a try. The two models are the same, except that the 8595 has an LCD display for $40 more. The information on Braun's website sort of reveals, if you look at what the functions of the display are, that its main purpose is to nag you--time to clean, time to replace the foil, etc. So I saved the extra money and got the 8585.I have been very impressed with it. The differently shaped foil slots/holes really do seem to pull in the hairs. No electric shaver is ever going to be as completely close as a blade, but this is pretty near to it. It's at least as good as my old wet/dry Panasonic with the hair-lifting fins.Here's a semi-undocumented tip. The instructions say that you charge the shaver by putting it in the cleaning/charging station. They also say that you can use the power cord for corded shaving if the battery is discharged, and that the battery charges whenever the shaver is connected to a power outlet. What they DON'T say outright is what these facts suggest and I discovered: you can charge the shaver by connecting it to the outlet directly with the power cord. You don't have to use the cleaning/charging stand. This makes it easier to travel with the shaver, since you don't have to take that liquid-filled cleaning stand with you.  