review/text: Well, they pack a lot of protein in a pretty compact size, and they taste pretty good, especially the chocolate chunk.But they're also loaded with malitol, a sugar alcohol, and the amount varies by flavor.Every flavor has 300-310 calories, not bad for 32 grams of protein. All have 9 grams of fat. Mud pie has 18 grams sugar alcohol, chocolate chunk: 28, chocolate fudge: 25, peanut butter: 27.I've had the mud pie fusion and the chocolate chocolate chunk.The mud pie fusions were dry, chalky, and almost tasteless (but I think I got a bad batch, as amazon is very good at storing protein bars wrong), but they tasted good enough for me. They have 18 grams of sugar alcohol per bar, which people will say is a lot, but it never bothered me.The chocolate chocolate chunk tastes much better, but it's a 3 ounce bar with 28 grams (1 ounce) of sugar alcohol. Before I had the chocolate chunk bars, I never thought twice about sugar alcohol, as many of you probably haven't either. I've read about people complaining about it causing GI issues or upset stomachs, but I've never encountered a serving of sugar alcohol that's given me a problem, so again I thought nothing of it. Unfortunately, I found out the hard way (while sitting in a physics class) that an ounce of sugar alcohol is just WAY too much, even for me. Now, I'm usually not one to complain, but seriously, that's a third of the bar. That's the highest I've seen in any protein bar (by a lot). Actually, the only ones I know of that come close are the other flavors of this kind. If you've never had a bad experience from sugar alcohol, this one may be the one to push your limit too. So tread carefully.So if you can tolerate the high sugar alcohols, I'd recommend these bars, but I think Met-Rx could make a protein bar just as well without all the sugar alcohol. If you're not sure if you can handle the sugar alcohol but still want protein plus bars, I'd try the mud pie first, since they have, by far, the least amount in them.  