review/text: We LOVE LOVE LOVE Nordic Naturals Children's Liquid DHA (and the Jr. formula, which seems to be the same)! We've been using it for almost 5 years now with our oldest son (he switched to the gels around age 2 or so) and almost 3 years with our youngest. Our oldest was breastfed but was having trouble having BMs, going a week at a time when he was only 1-3 months old. Poor guy. After going from doctor to doctor, all of whom insisted acid reflux was causing him to spit up and insisted on shoving harsh ADULT meds down his throat (and I said simple physics suggests that being stopped up below means the food has nowhere to go but up...duh!). He was up every 15-45 minute all day and night, no exaggeration. It was terrible! Finally, when he was 5 months old, an awesome chiropractor/applied kinesiologist in our town said it was a gluten allergy (on our first visit). I had asked about food allergies all along, but the doctors had discounted my suspicions. Within 2 days of me going gluten-free, he was noticeably happier. The chiropractor suggested the Nordic Naturals fish oil (and some flora) to help his digestive system. The chiropractic visits 2x/week had him going at least every other day, but--within 1 month of starting this fish oil--our son was going every day. I know this all sound gross and like too much information, but it's helped friends of ours whose babies and children have had simmilar problems, especially the acid reflux.Our son overcame the gluten allergy by 12 months, something fow which we are incredibly grateful to our chiropractor and Nordic Naturals! When our 2nd son exhibited the same symptoms, we started him on flora (spray) immediately and the fish oil when he was 6 months old. They've never complained about it as they drink it in their juice or milk, but they've known it since they were babies; start young and it should be a breeze. I admit, though, that the smell of it--though strawberry-flavored--makes me gag. Then again, I abhor the smell of seafood. If you have children 3+, I recommend the flavored gels as they're easier to take than the oil (unless that's in a drink) and prevents the slight smell in their cups.I'm sure most people are aware of the benefits of DHA and Omega-3s in our diets. I've done lots of research on both, as a parent and an early childhood educator, and am happy that this has those added benefits. As heart disease and high cholesterol are common on my husband's side of the family, the fish oil is a wonderful help for keeping our family's hearts healthy!I hope this helps at least one person. If the things our kids (and us) have been through can help others, then it was honestly worth it!  