review/text: I cannot tell you how happy I am about this product. I have had metatarsal pain from golfing and working out for 10 years. It became so bad that I was thinking of having surgery on my hammer toes. I have spent thousands of dollars on shoe inserts, metatarsal pads, and orthotics. Most of these products require you to buy new shoes, because they will not fit in your normal size shoe. About 6 months ago, I came across this produt during a Google search for something new. I almost did not buy it because it says "callus" cushion, but then I saw a blog from a runner stating that he used it for metatarsal pain. I felt almost immediate relief, and now after 6 months I am pain free. Here are a few things I learned through trial and error. 1. The adhesive on the pad is temperature sensitive. When you remove the pad from your foot at the end of each day, rinse it only in COLD water. Hot water will remove the adhesive and ruin the pad. 2. One pad has lasted for 6 months. I put it on in the morning, and remove it at night. It has not lost any adhesion so far. I am curious to see how long they will last. 3. Metatarsil pads are placed just BEHIND the metatarsil bone to lift the foot and remove pressure from the bone. With this product, you should place it about an inch further forward so it lifts your foot, but also slightly overlaps your metarsal. This means it is actually placed about an inch back from what you see in the product brochure. They are showing placement for a callus. The gel actually cushions the bone and allows for healing. 4. This product is designed to stick to clean dry skin. Once in place, it does not move. I read other reviews saying that it slips around. They are doing something wrong, because I run 5 miles and wear it all day, and it NEVER moves or falls off. I will update this once the product wears out, if ever.Update 10/22/12 - I just changed my review from 5 to 2 stars. That is because I finally had to buy a new pair of cushions, and they are NOT NEARLY as sticky as the old ones. They changed their formulation. In addition, the new ones have a slight beveled edge. They stick slightly to the ball of my foot, but this is clearly not good enough to wear all day. I am going to try another supplier I found on Google. I will report back with my findings.Update 10/31/12 - I have been wearing the new cushions I received from CarolWrightGifts.com for over a week. These are the same gel pads that I originally received from Amazon. They are a darker color blue, softer, more flexible, and THEY STICK LIKE GLUE. I am wearing them all day and they never release or move. Great product!  