review/text: When I discovered I was preggo, I assumed that there would be moments throughout that would be uncomfortable. Near the beginning of my second trimester I found that it was getting increasingly painful to walk, roll over in bed, or do the most simple movements. A month later, the pain was incredible. Due to ongoing issues with my back, my pelvis has (in its attempt to rotate forward) become irritated in the ligaments at the front 'joint' - my doctor tells me that I can try a maternity band and see if that helps, or you can go with a more expensive cradle supporter (like this one) THERE IS NO COMPARISON, THE BANDS DON'T WORK. I cheaped out since I am having to buy all sorts of other stuff now that I am in baby mode...and really 30 bucks, 80 bucks...the decision wasn't hard at the time. After a few weeks of the band, and the bunching, and the stupid Velcro folding over every time you sit or bend at the waist, the pain was just getting worse. So after one memorable night of extreme pain, I took a deep breath and bought the crazy looking contraption you see above. I read about it being annoying, and having a wonky fit, but I kept faith in the people who swear the pain went away. They aren't kidding! Bear in mind I was literally unable to go to the grocery store without being in significant pain after 15 minutes of shopping. After just a couple days of wearing this product regularly, I was able to accomplish tasks like this with only minor discomfort - and by the end of my first week I am walking pain free again 90% of the time.As far as you back pain sufferers, I am not a good judge there since I have some major spinal issues with rods and broken bits that have complicated me anyway. I do have to say that if there was one thing I would change about this product it would be to make the shoulder straps adjustable. I'm 5'4" - 135 (pre-preggo) so a woman who is 5'10" would clearly not have the same kind of fit through those straps as I do.As far as the comfort level goes, it's not that bad. Really. The temps here have been high 90's - 100 degrees and I haven't really noticed any significant issues with this making me hotter than I already would have been. The largest portion of the supporter is around your waist and through the legs, and it does get hot and sweaty - but not overly so. I will have to mention that I don't follow package instructions with regards to my underwear. I wear my supporter OVER my underclothes. To me, its just too funky not to. Because of the pressure from the waist band, this will add to the discomfort a bit, as it pushes the seams of your panties into you. Another comfort issue, chafing. I did notice some chafing at the bikini line on my legs, after a full day of moving about, the first couple of days. I loosened the leg straps a couple inches, and this has resolved the issue without lessening the support level.To sum it all up - It's funny looking, not too uncomfortable, and is the best dang 80(ish) bucks I have spent in awhile. I hope that if you purchase this you have as good of results with easing your pelvic pain as I am having. I have two months to go, and will be wearing mine (with the straps showing on occasion) without question.  