review/text: The flavor is nothiong spectacular. in fact, with water, it's close to terrible. I think im getting used to it but at the beginning it was very bad. With milk the flavor is OK though. I have only been using it for a couple weeks now (3maybe) and during this time i have gained a lot of mass. I cant say it is solely becaus eof it but it has helped me maintain a very good macros ratio. My protein intake has gone up. Now i am not losing any weight but it is because im getting a lot more protein and am building more muscle mass than before. The product seems to be very good, but i honestly dont have enough time with it as to give a proper rating about its mass building capabilities. It seems to best protein bang for the buck though. 4 stars because i didnt like the falvor too much. I understand the extreme milk chocolate is better than this (double rich chocolate) but it doesnt come in 10pounds bag.EDIT. March 25th., 2008.This is my second review of the product. I gave 4 stars to the previous one. NOw i feel like upgrading to 5 stars. It was the double rich chocolate flavor. I think the product is very good even when i dont have any reference to compare, since i havent tried any other brand. I ordered along with this whey, a syntha-6 and a ON casein protein. They are both supposed to be great products, with syntha6 being considered the best tasting protein power out there. Some say Muscle milk is better, but apparently is a close race.I felt the need to do another review because of the great taste of the Vanilla Ice Cream flavor and because having taken 10.37pounds of the product i feel i could definitely comment. After being in a very long diet I have lost more than 65pounds in exactly a year. Even on a caloric deficit Ive managed to build a few pounds of lean mass and I must say I am convinced than supplementing with this product has been a key factor in this success. After I started taking it i noticed a difference in the time i needed to recuperate from workouts and aybe it was just timing but I am looking more muscular than ever. Also, the truth is that I wasnt having near close to enoguh protein before i started using this product, so what i mean is that this is just protein, and it will make your life much easier when it comes to proper dieting and having enough protein every day.If you are concerned about taste, you cant go wrong with the Vanilla Ice cream one. It is so good that after my first cup of milk with 1.5scoops I felt the need to come here and share. With water it is not good, but what is it? Even nesquick taste like crap with water...it is a great product. Remember, have at least one gram per pound of bodyweight...do that and it will be really hard for you to be on calorie surplus, then you'll lose fat.  