review/text: I purchased this shaver the beginning of Dec 2004 and am quite pleased with using the shaver but I did have a major problem with the cleaning stand that required a warantee repair/replacement of the cleaning stand just 6 months after my purchase. Yes it did give me a very close shave with less strokes and less irritation then other electric shavers I had though its not exactly as close as you can get with a blade. I do have problems in the neck area getting a close shave as others mentioned but I always had to work harder with that area with any shaver I used. I have a slim/thin neck area with a lot of steep angles that's hard to shave. If you have a more round neck area with less angles you probably not have the same problem. I could get a slightly closer shave using a blade though I would also have more irritation to get that closer shave, so there is a trade off. The shave I get from this razor is good enough and without the irritation so I am satisfied.One thing to note is to NEVER try to clean this razor or inside cleaning stand with WATER. Only use the cleaning brush they provide or a towel because it could damage the razor. I also wouldn't try to use a different cleaning fluid as other said they did to avoid having to buy the replacement cartridges because it could easily damage this razor and the cleaning stand.As for the cleaning stand, the pump suddenly wouldn't pump the cleaning fluid into the unit with enough pressure to clean properly after just 6 months. Since it was under warrantee, I brought it to one of the Braun authorized repair shops in my area for repair instead of mailing it directly to Braun and I had a horror story trying to get it repaired! The repair shop said it could take about 2 weeks or so to get repaired. Well after 3 weeks I called the repair shop and they said the unit could not be repaired and he already order a new cleaning stand unit over a week ago and he was still waiting for it to come in. I called up Braun customer service and they said they have to give the repair shop 30 days to fix the item before they will even look into it further. Well after 30 days the repair shop still didn't get the replacement unit and I called Braun customer service again. The Braun customer service rep. went back and fourth calling the repair shop a few times until the Braun Customer Service Representative finally decided to order another cleaning stand for me and mail it directly to me which they said would take another 7 to 10 business days and not to bother calling the authorized repair shop anymore. 10 business days later I called Braun customer service to check on the status and they told me the replacement cleaning stand is now on BACKORDER with no estimated time of delivery and nothing could be done to expedite it and they could not offer me any other assistance. Well 2 days later the replacement cleaning stand finally arrived which goes to show the Braun customer service rep had no clue what was going on with my replacement order. This whole experience shows how much of a hassle you might have if you need to have this Braun razor repaired under warrantee. I actually called Braun customer service again and asked them if I could of had better or faster repair service if I mailed the part directly to Braun instead of taking it to the authorized Braun repair shop. They told me it would of taken at least a week longer if I mailed it directly to Braun because after they receive the item in the mail they automatically mail it to another location to get it repaired which takes at least week or more. I am happy with this razor but good luck if you need warrantee work. I also have some concerns with the quality of the cleaning stand because it broke so quickly and if I will have the same problem with it again in the future.  