review/text: Burt's Bees is almost guaranteed to be one of those brands that will forever draw in a certain core crowd of admirers. Despite the fact that no matter what it is we are talking about that's made by them, it is destined to be horrendously overpriced. I do believe that much of that fact is due not to Burt's Bees presumed superior quality, but more to its company's excellently thought out distribution system. Here in New England, the only places that you see a Burt's Bees display is in those wonderfully quaint, but usually way too-rich-for-my-blood country type stores we all know and love. The type of places that sell boxed soup mixes and granulated spices for about 7 times the price you could find its equivalent in any supermarket. One thing I will say for Burt's Bees products, they do smell nice, and they don't appear to spare anything on the oils they use to achieve its scent. Unfortunately when you are talking about a brand that sells even their lip balm for $4.00, in my opinion they are asking me to pay just a little too much for their perceived consummate quality. Burt's Bees shaving soap is just another example of their expert marketing strategy, as well as unfortunately also one of their best examples of giving the everyday man who just wants a good quality shaving soap the corporate shaft. I bought a cake of the Burt's Bees soap at a local store here because I still use a mug and brush to shave, and enjoy trying new shaving soaps. It smelled nice and lathered quite well. However take it from someone that has used dozens of different soaps over the years, the Burt's Bees was not in any way superior in either scent or lather. In fact the whole shaving experience with it was just barely average in my opinion. For what you get, and what they're asking for it, it should not even be a consideration for purchasing. As far as I am concerned, its price is nothing less than a modern day version of highway robbery. If you are still a man that shaves with a mug and brush, you would be far better served by shopping on Ebay for your mug soap. Type in "shaving soap" on Ebay and you will find hundreds of auctions available where just about any scent imaginable can be found by dozens and dozens of people that make excellent soaps in their own homes. For what you pay here for one cake of Burt's Bees, you could easily get 3 bars of just about anything you desire on Ebay.In conclusion, if you are a die hard Burt's Bees loyalist, buying your shaving soap on Amazon is just as good and cheap a place as any. However if you're someone that enjoys a refreshing, rich lathering shaving soap in just about any scent you favor for a fraction of the price of the Burt's Bees, I recommend you skip this horrendously overpriced brand and try my Ebay recommendation. Whether you desire or admire a bay rum scent or any other, your money will much better served away from this stuff..  