review/text: In many ways this is an insanely good product. But buyers should be wary because its greatest strength can also be considered its greatest weakness.The question comes down to this: do you want to drink chocolate cake batter?If you're thinking, "OMG I LOOVVVEEE CAKE BATTER!", then don't wait another moment, go ahead and buy. Its quality is quite superior in other regards, too.If you're thinking, "GAG, I HATE THE IDEA OF EVEN LICKING CAKE BATTER, MUCH MORESO DRINKING OVER 20 FLUID OUNCES OF THAT STUFF!", then avoid. Don't even think another moment about this.Ditto if you're thinking, "Wellllll, I kind of like cake batter, sure, but drinking over 20 fluid ounces of it? That sounds rather... much..."Obviously, if you buy the variant that isn't prepackaged, you'll not only save a bit of money but you'll also be able to control how much you mix into your milk or whatever. (I've tried both water and milk, and much prefer the latter.)Being a cake-batter-ish product, it takes a while to mix. I use a whisk and rub it between my hands for an effect like an electric mixer, and even after 60 seconds it won't be utterly mixed. But the few remaining lumps are more like smooth bumps: again, entirely like cake batter. (Except more liquidy, of course, if you're using the recommended 20 ounces of water or skim milk.) Being such a thick product would probably make it more difficult to mix other things in as well (as other reviewers have noted); but it's a meal replacement product so really there isn't much reason to mix in anything else except for flavor. And its flavor is very strong to start with. Nor is there much of a mineral taste to it!--none at all to me, and my taste is very sensitive to such things.If you're thinking, "THIS SOUNDS LIKE DRINKING EX-LAX!", yes I've had some problems with that myself. It's like drinking chocolate cake batter, duh!--with lots of liquid protein! Of course it's going to do a number on your digestive tract (probably). You know if you're willing to take the risk or not, or whether you even care. That isn't a criticism of the product: they couldn't make it like drinking cake batter and not have that risk.Ideally, you should find a single packet for sale at a store somewhere, and try it out first. But if you keep in mind the potential drawbacks, in my experience you can safely believe the hype. I'll be buying a re-supply when I eventually run out.  