review/text: It's now 2 years later...12/28/2012... I still won't go anywhere without them. I can still walk for miles with out pain in my knees or feet. I have the automatic shipment every 6 months so I can replace them and get rid of "feet smell". I pull the inserts out of the shoe every night upon retiring so they're nice and fresh in the morning. I'm now 65 and can't say enough about them.My wife on the other hand, tried them for her continuous standing on cement. They didn't work for her, but even the expensive shoes haven't helped. Standing on cement 10 hours a day, rotating side to side... I guess there is no cure. She has spent hundreds of $$$$ on different products and doctors.. NO CURE.From fall 2009 until fall 2010 I could hardly walk. I camp and love to walk the woods and hills of Wisconsin. I couldn't.. it hurt to walk 30 feet. I tried every store bought and even tried one $200 pair of inserts. Bought recommended pairs and brands of shoes. Wanting to hike again, I finally gave in and ordered this "cheap"Walkfit Platinum Orthotics- Size F (W 10-10.5/M 9- 9.5)pair of inserts. Knowing they weren't going to work, I figured that I could afford to lose $20. To my surprise, not only did they work, in 3 days (using their instructions of gentle break in..few hours a day), my feet and knees almost quit hurting. That was 2 months ago. I will NEVER go without them again. I'm pain free in my knees and especially the heels. I also wear Lugz shoes, which I've worn for years, so that was nothing knew. The only change I made was the Walkfit Platinums.I can now RUN, walk as far as I want, without pain. I'm 63 years old, so of course I blamed it on old age. It wasn't, I just needed the walkfits. The secret is making sure the heal of the walkfit is in the heal of the shoe properly. I put them in my shoe, insert my foot, then before tieing them, I stomp the heal on the floor to make sure it didn't slide forward, tie securely and remove my shoes about 14 hours later everyday. NO pain heals or knees. Thank you walkfit!  