review/text: I've had my epilator for about 2.5 weeks now, so not long, but I already love it. The first time I used it I did my armpits and it was absolutely beyond painful. I'm talking sweating, shaking, crying. I bled really bad. It was horrible. I read a million reviews and knew it would be painful but I didn't realize exactly how painful it would be! You definitely do not want your hair to be long. I shaved then two days later used the epilator. I found the first time I used it the dual heads were too much so I tipped it up and only used one tweezers head. It took away some of the pain. I have super dark hair and when I shave I still have that "5 o'clock shadow" in my armpits and have always been embarrassed by it. So far I still have a "shadow" of the hair right below the skin but I've read that after a few hair cycles it will all even out and go away. I hope so! The next day I did my entire bikini area, I'm talking full brazilian. It actually didn't hurt as bad as my armpits. I did bleed and the area was red and inflamed for almost a week after the first time but now it's fine. It took me about an hour to do my bikini area the first time but now it takes mere minutes. Now on to legs on day three. Legs didn't hurt at all. At first there's sort of a "pinching" feeling but you get used to it really quick then you're fine. You do have to go over your legs quite a few times to get most the hairs and you won't get that "freshly shaved" feeling for a while. I still don't get it, but I have read that it'll eventually get there. Either way, I *look* hair free so that's all that matters! I swear the first day I used this I told everyone how horrible they are and said I'd never be singing it's praises, but two weeks later I'm telling everyone I know to get one! One trick I learned, I put a generous amount of baby powder over the area I'm epilating (except my legs) and it helps keep me from sweating and it helps the tweezers head move more smoothly along my skin. Also keep the skin pulled as tightly as possible. Oh, and if you do the bikini area, make sure you watch what you're doing, the head is huge on this and it is very possible to get your lady parts sucked into the head and stuck. It HURTS. Don't ask me how I know, though, haha. People weren't kidding about the pain, but it really DOES go away after the first or second time you use it!  