review/text: I have been trying Hydro Platinum for the past 2+ months, 1 tub per month.5 approx for 2 people. This deal surpassed the Hydro by almost about double the products weight (Hydro= 3.5 lbs, Gold Standard= 5 lbs)and pound for pound in the supplemental specs, Gold stardard comes out equal to Hydro. The reason why the hydro has a slightly higher amino acid per serving ratio is because of it having a slightly bigger scoop.(Ex. Hydro= Scoop 77cc: Tryptophan-495 Valine-2259, Gold Standard= Scoop 70cc: Tryptophan-405 Valine-1422. Same shinanigan if both had the same size scoop. I initially wasn't even aware that Gold Stardard came pre-equipped with the hydrolized protein and if you didn't either.. now you know. It also has the peptides and bcaa's and digestion enzymes etc, etc..everything the Hydro has. The mixing qualities are exact. The taste of this Chocolate malt is pretty good (Milk chocolatey liquorish) like wise with Hydros Turbo Chocolate(rich darkydensey sweet chocolate). Taste isn't even an issue with me though, I wouldn't care if was horribly tasting chalk as long it was the best performing. But all in all Gold Standard has more flavors to chose from and like I said it has a greater product for-the-buck ratio. Subscribe and Go with the Gold Standard it will be exactly the same as hydrowhey. I have cancelled my Hydro subscription and traded it in for this Heavier Better deal.I haven't tried the Hydro Builder (different than the Hydrowhey but again with the bigger scoop thing. Even bigger than Hydrowheys) but to save you some time, I've read various reviews and they say it isn't all that much better than the Gold Standard 100%. Some say the continuous creatine doses may even have bad effects if you have kidney issues, some say its a cruddy "lets make a new product AGAIN" scheme. Although it would be a one stop shop, I just ordered the glutamine and creatine separately and now if I mixed them the total weight I can make has made it worth while and more accurate to my liking. I haven't even put a dent on the containers, all you add is a tsp of each(You can probably add more without any bad symptoms popping up, too much of anything can be bad, balance is key). Although I still do want to give Hydro Builder a whack just to see whats up. =) The specs of the good stuff feel to be same if I just add another half a scoop of protein or more if I Want and Could generously do with the savings I'm getting.  