review/text: UPDATED AFTER A MONTH!So it's been a month that I've used (sporadically) these gloves. It isn't because they are uncomfortable or anything, it's just because I like to sleep with my hands free...especially since I'm currently in Afghanistan so any "extra" comfort is appreciated. However, they have earned a 5th star by me. I was wearing the standard wrist brace for my carpal tunnel and my arthritis but for anyone who has worn one, it's bulky and sometimes uncomfortable -- especially to sleep in. The Thermoskin gloves fix that problem -- see below. I've yet to take any prescription medications in the past month and I have only added curcumin to my daily supplement regiment.OriginalRead some of my reviews and I'll try ANYTHING for my arthritis! Since I'm deployed overseas right now, I can't take my meds I usually do because of the lowered immune response they give. So I've been sucking it up with a brace on my left hand.Quick background: RA which in turn causes carpal tunnel in my hands. Right hand is good from surgery, left hand never got the surgery. So aside from my hands looking like catchers mitts most of the time, I get that awful numbing when I sleep. It takes a good hot shower in the morning and some stretching to open my hand up as well because the right one is stiff in the morning, well, and painful.I've slowed on the ibuprofens, naproxens, etc. because I hate the sides of those meds. So I received my Thermoskin arthritic gloves yesterday and it was time to go to sleep. I tossed the snug fitting gloves on (used the sizing chart on the order page). They're grippy in case you wear them during the day. They're warm as well. Not supportive like a brace with a metal bar in it but semi-supportive regardless.After one night, I woke up and I had LESS pain in my hands than I've ever had with the brace. My swelling seems to be slightly less as well -- I use my watch as a gauge to see how swollen I am. So far, I'm pleased with the gloves. Granted, it's ONE NIGHT, and I'll be sure to update if things improve or get worse. Hence the reason for the 4 stars...one night...Could be a fluke...But we will see!  