review/text: If your goal is to increase muscle mass this is a great retail product. Mixes well. Tastes great (I've tried only chocolate).ON produced some nice visually noticeable muscle gains I honestly was not really expecting.Over past 11 years I've purchased dozens and dozens of brands of protein powders. Some in bulk barrel sizes and others in very pricey individualized 'designer' packets. And everything in between. I figured as long as I stayed away from fillers and excessive fat and excessive sugar and excessive carbs, protein was protein.How wrong I was.None had ever made me say 'holy crap! this stuff really works!' as did ON protein. I'm no bodybuilder. Just a fitness enthusiast. So my results may be different than yours if you've been at this longer or with more intensity than me i.e. pro level lifter. Otherwise I think you'd be happy with the results.Oh. Out of curiosity I've switched the last two months to a cheaper off-the-shelf product available at a mass mega retailer, to make sure gains were not a coincidence from something else.I've gotten flabby. No joke. Nowhere lean or as cut as I looked as when using ON. Visibly impressive muscle gains are nowhere near where they were when using this ON product. And yea, I first ordered this from Amazon to try it out when I saw an Amazon ad for protein powder - I guess that's what I get for adding fitness stuff to my wish list :pCons: The retail price is more than twice as high compared to mass available brands from mega stores :/If you are not all that interested in looking your best and leanest while gaining muscle, maybe a cheaper product might do. But if you are serious about looking good and feeling your best, you need a good whey concentrate/isolate blend, as this one is. Worth trying. They are NOT all the same.My other negative observation is as other reviewers mentioned---artificial sweeteners. For shame. At this price you'd think they can afford a sweetener that is safer than synthetic sweeteners. That alone will keep me from using this long term. I've read the research and am not convinced artificial sweeteners are harmless. Empty calories lead to cancer.You'll need to decide for yourself if the Gold Standard is good for your short term best gains or worth the risk of long-term use. For me it's not worth the risk long-term. I do miss the impressive lean muscles though. So I'll probably continue to cycle ON every 2-3 months. Or less. Great product otherwise though!Last negative: ON makes me dislike all other proteins I've been cycling. I now know all protein powders are not just different in marketing hype. They differ in quality and actual ingredients. This one works.If it were not so expensive and didn't have fake sweetener I'd be a permanent ON user. Gave it five stars because, well, I got the most complements in public from complete strangers than with any other protein powder. Give it a try. Maybe will make a difference too.  