review/text: PREFACEI chose this particular product after reading a lot of reviews of different recovery type products on epinions and other sites. There are a LOT of really hyped products out there, and I just wanted a good solid recovery formula that isn't overly expensive. The Mass Fuel has proven to be excellent for my needs. You get the protein you need with some carbs, which Twin Labs claims aids in the delivery of the protein. Okay, sounds good. I've just finished off my first tub, and here are my observations.DOSINGFirst off, I take it with Skim milk. It tastes fine with water, too, but it's a little bit richer and creamier with the skim milk. The only thing is, if you use 4 scoops and 24 oz. skim milk (as the labelling prescribes), you're getting like 850 calories! If I was a serious body builder, that would probably be fine, but I'm not. I workout 3 days a week with cardio followed by a pretty intense heavy weight workout. I'm looking to gain some lean muscle mass, but also at 33 years old and 174 lbs, I'm trying to burn down my slight belly and keep my weight on the low side to help with my run times. I take half - 2 scoops, 12 oz. milk. It's an ideal balance for me. Also, the product lasts twice as long, which reduces cost.REGIMENI take creatine daily - 7.5g on workout days, and 5g the other days. I drink my half-dose of mass fuel immediately after my workout 3 days a week.Here is the progress I've made with a combination of mostly eating well (balanced meals, some sensible snacking), working out with heavy weights, and the supplementation I mentioned above:RESULTSMy weight has gone down from 176ish to 170.5. My chest muscles have increased slightly in size (mnostly width, not depth). My waist has shrunk from 34.5 to about 33ish. My triceps have started poking through on their own (don't laugh - I never really had triceps before). My shoulders look fantastic - bigger and very defined. My quads/glutes now bulge out on the sides without even flexing. At the same time, my legs overall are slightly thinner - I've burned quite a bit of fat in just 2 or 3 months.SUMMARYIn short I rate this product pretty high in that it seems to do what it claims to do. The intensity and quality of my workouts are enhanced by the creatine, obviously, but the Mass Fuel delivers the protein I need for proper post-workout recovery. Of course, your results may vary depending on many factors, including your diet, exercise and overall health. It tastes really good, and I recommend the Blender Bottle for "curbside" mixing of the beverage.  