review/text: I've been using this shaver for a couple weeks now and I am ready to give my thoughts. First the shaver it self is very sleek. It fits in the hand nicely and it has a good solid feeling to it. As far as shaving, it does pretty well. I don't have too much problem on my face, but the neck can be a problem. I really have to work to get everything off the neck. It leaves little hairs here and there. I feel like i have to jab at it sometimes to get everything. It still takes me about the same time to shave with this as compared to my old razor. Don't get me wrong, i really do like this shaver. I just wish it was easier to manuver around the neck area. The shaver did leave me with some irratation at first but most of that has subsided by now.Pros:-No shaving cream-No razor cuts or burns-Pretty clean shave overall-Nice sideburn attachment-Easy cleanupCons:-Hard to manuver around the neck-ExpensiveI wanted to address something. Some of the other reviewers claimed that this shaver automatically begins the cleaning process when you put the shaver back on the base. They complain this annoying because sometimes they would like to avoid the self-clean function. This is totally not true whatsoever. The shaver base does not automatically begin the cycle. There is a button on the front of the shaver. Think of this as an on and off button for the automatic cleaning function. When this button is pressed down, the base detects the cleaning cycle and then executes it. However, when this button isn't pressed down, the base determines the cleaing cycle but does not beging the cleaning process. You manually have to press the button down to get it to start cleaning itself.P.S. Just as a tip, always pop the foil guard off the shaver and use the brush supplied with the shaver to manually clean out loose hairs. Then turn the shaver on for a few seconds upside down to get rid of some of the hairs. I always do this and the cleaning cycle is always on the eco setting (the setting that uses the least amount of fluid). the cleaning cycle is a little loud for the first few minutes because the shaver turns itself on in the fluid to clean it out. If you're worried about waking up your significant other, just clean it later.Overall I really like this shaver. It's worth the extra little bit of work to get everything off the neck. And of course the automatic cleaning function is lovely. Enjoy  