review/text: Dear pantene,Let me share with my fellow millions of internet shoppers my experience with your 2 in 1 "moisture renewals". When I was in the united states, your 2 in 1 "moisture renewal" was soooo good it set the standard to me by which to judge the rest of the shampoos I will be using for the rest of my life: 1)it CLEANSED my hair from the its dandruff and 2)it gave my hair the best non-weighing-down moisture and volume. So what happened now, why am I giving you a 1 star rating? Well I left the u.s after finding a job in the middle east, and I persisted in staying a loyal customer to you by buying the pantenes manufactured there. WRONG DECISION!! It was cheap,and dried my hair so bad it was nightmare. BUT, I refused to judge and instead gave you the benefit of doubt,so I bought a couple of your 2 in 1 "moisture renewal" from amazon.com and the ones I got where made for the u.s and mexico judging from the English and Spanish labelings on them.well, I used them, and they made my hair SOO DRY they felt like freaking HAY!! i swear everyone im not making this up!! Why are you manufacturing/exporting inferior quality products outside the united states DELIBARETLY pantene? is that your idea of "customer satisfaction"? i just spent $200 or so on your 2 in 1 "moisture renewals" is that what I get in return? you're LYING!! those should be called moisture NON-renewals NOT "moisture renewals"!! and you know what, some other LOCAL brands here are better than yours, i swear!! i hate you pantene and I will NEVER use your products ever again. and please dear reader if you're reading this DON'T use pantene products outside the u.s/(and probably) Canada!! this is for your own good!!shame on you pantene!!p.s: why did you release a new line of your products that consists primarily of separate shampoos and conditioners? Is it because your brilliant chemists(the same chemists who deliberately sold/manufactured crap to/in non-u.s countries) are unable to formulate 2 in 1's anymore? Or is it because pantene wants to make its customers pay twice for their products now? Just wondering...  