review/text: This is my first time taking a prenatal vitamin, so I have nothing to compare my experience to...but I have to say that I love these vitamins! I spent a lot of time reading reviews for different brands/types of prenatal vitamins, before deciding on these. I love the fact that they're all natural, & made from actual food/plants rather than synthetics. And I love the fact that they haven't added any unnecessary dyes, or artificial ingredients, etc.From my research, this prenatal vitamin seems to have just about all of the nutrients that you'll need to have: before, during, and after pregnancy, (while breast feeding). Except that you'll have to get extra Calcium from another source, and if you really want to play it safe you can always increase your iron intake...but these are minor details. I think that the price is great...even if they are a little more expensive than some of the other prenatal vitamins, they are worth it for the quality, & can you really put a price on having a healthy baby? :)I have been taking these vitamins for a month now, and I haven't suffered from ANY side-effects, at all. Nor have I noticed an after-taste, or any other kind of adverse side effect. They haven't given me heartburn. And they don't cause me to feel sick, or nauseous...which I was worried about, since a lot of women complain that prenatal vitamins *in general* make them feel nauseous. But I haven't had any problems, what-so-ever. And these vitamins contain natural ingredients that will actually help with your morning sickness...so that's a bonus! :)They are a little on the large side, but with all of the healthy nutrients packed into them, I don't really see that as being a bad thing! Plus, as far as I can tell...most prenatal vitamins are large, unless you're taking multiple smaller doses each day. If that's what you're looking for...Rainbow Light has another prenatal vitamin that you can take 6 times a day, & they are smaller. But I haven't had any trouble swallowing these. Some people have mentioned that they have an easier time taking them with Orange Juice, but I haven't had a problem taking them, with whatever I happen to be drinking at the time. And I've taken them with & without food, so that hasn't been an issue either...they don't make me feel sick, either way.They also don't prevent me from sleeping, & the bottom line is that I would highly recommend these, since they have made the whole experience a positive one for me! On a side note, my husband has been taking the Men's One a Day multi-vitamins, also by Rainbow Light, ever since we decided to conceive...since they promote a healthy reproductive system in men. They're a lot smaller than the prenatal vitamins, obviously...& he also hasn't suffered from any side effects. So I would recommend those as well, for those of you who are planning on conceiving anytime in the near future!  