review/text: I have very dark, thick, fast growing leg hair. On top of that, it's awkward for me to shave due to orthopedic problems. I hoped this product would let me shave less often and, with less stubble, would make my large pores less visible. Unfortunately, this has not been the case.First, it takes FOREVER to get the best "shave" from this thing. You have to go over the same area over and over in all different directions. Also, you have to hold it at just the right angle so that the tweezers close at the right point against your skin. This seems simple but isn't easy to do as you're moving around.It's incredibly frustrating to SEE a hair there, plenty long, and still not have it be pulled after the fifth pass. And that's just the long ones--despite what it claims, it's not very good at short hairs. Even after going over my legs over and over until I just can't do it anymore, they still feel stubbly. And by the next day or so, I have to do it again. Basically it's the same results I could get with a cheap electric shaver.Looking at the design of the tweezing heads on this and the Emjoi, I wish I had bought that one. It just looks more efficient.On the good news side, pain is a non-issue. Yes, you will feel it the first time. Depending on your pain threshold--and how scared of it you are--it will feel somewhere between "weird" (what I thought) and painful. But after that you are not taking out so many hairs at once and you don't even notice it.Ironically, the area I have liked it best for is my underarms. I hadn't even planned to use it there. Again, the first time through it hurt (yeah, that one actually hurt), but subsequent times were fine. It's difficult because skin here is looser and there are lots of nooks and crannies, but once you get the hang of it you actually can get a smooth "shave." It's important that the skin be BONE dry, though, or else the head will skip over the skin.Forget about the "opti-trim" attachment. You might as well just throw it out. If it trims your hair at all, it will leave it way too long for comfortable epilating. The shaver head is almost as bad--in fact, I wound up using the shaver head in my underarms before epilating. It left the hair at a good length for that.I really like the idea of epilating, but not this product. I'm waiting for it to die (looking at the cheap plastic gear, it should be too long) so I can try the Emjoi.  