review/text: I have been using this organizer daily since shortly after my purchase on 12/07/10 and am very satisfied with it. The compartments are a nice size and the lids snap quite securely. After over a year of opening and closing said lids, the hinges are still in tact as well. I was very afraid that they'd have worn out by now.There are a few things that I would urge someone considering purchase to keep in mind, however...-First, though the lids snap nicely this is not a child proof product! I was aware going into it that this was the case, but really felt like I should point this out given another review that says these were hard to open. My four-year-old nephew has NO trouble opening these up, so please beware! This is also a consideration to those who might like to carry around one of the boxes during the day. When I first showed this to my father-in-law, he asked if I thought he'd be able to carry one around in his pocket. I truly think they'd open too easily for that, though if you could get it to your desk at work it would sit in the drawer quite nicely! You might have to dig the individual pills out of the bottom of your purse, though!-Sunday's box is bright white, which not be as much of a big deal to someone else as it is to me. Several of my pills are small and white, so when I do a visual check after putting together my meds for the week, I have to shine in a light to make sure they're all there. Similarly, the very dark blue of Friday is hard to see in. The dark green of Wednesday may be as well, but...-If you can't keep track of multiple parts, this might not be the organizer for you. I thought having the nifty little tray would keep me from losing a container but it was not so. The dark green Wednesday container has been gone for a year or so (might be hidden in a shadow under my bed), and Tuesday has recently disappeared. Interestingly, this was around the same time that Thursday re-appeared, so maybe they are colluding to make me crazy.-Finally, a tip to speed up the process of filling the boxes! I use metal binder clips (example) to hold open the hinged lids because they were getting in the way of dropping in the pills. The packaging is long gone, but I would guess mine to be the 3/4 inch size. I wish they were the next size up, because they open just barely enough to account for the lip under the lid that causes it to stay closed.All in all, I am very pleased with this organizer!  