review/text: Enfamil Lipil with Iron is one of the better infant baby formulas I have used. This powdered formula is manufactured by Mead Johnson and it was the first formula to be manufactured with the DHA and ARA fatty acids described above, making it a pioneer in its class.I have used many different baby formulas and I have found only a few differences among them. I generally stick to formulas that include the DHA and ARA fatty acids because, well, it just seems like something valuable. Other than that, I am game to sample most any different brand. I tend to stick with one or two favorites but I was convinced to give Enfamil a try after I received a coupon for free Enfamil Lipil with Iron and decided it was time to try something new.With Enfamil Lipil, I noticed one difference right away. The powder itself seems to be more finely ground than other brands and I could tell a difference when I was scooping it out of the container. It seems to scoop more easily and it even feels lighter. Then, when combined with warm water, I noticed that it dissolves more quickly and left behind fewer lumps. The finished product seems milkier and smoother than other formulas and there is less of a chemical smell.These qualities made for a positive first impression. But what really mattered most was how my little girl would accept the formula and what effects, if any, the formula would have on her body. I noticed there was less gas with Enfamil Lipil formula- not just less spitting up, but fewer bubbles in the bottle. With many other formulas, I could visibly see the bubbles and I knew, once the liquid was consumed, it was only a matter of time until some of the consumed liquid came right back up my little one's tiny esophagus. But with Enfamil Lipil with Iron, there is very little gas and almost no spitting up at all.Another thing that concerned me was the reaction that could take place on the other end of my little girl's body. I was most concerned that this new formula might cause constipation but instead, it seemed to have had the opposite effect. Her little diaper was loaded with a larger than normal amount of potty and even though it didn't reach the point of diarrhea, it was still abundant. It wasn't a real problem, since after one day her bowels were back to their old selves again. But it is still something to look out for if you make a switch in formulas.Enfamil Lipil with Iron is priced very close to what other popular brands are priced. The smaller, 12.9 oz. can contains enough powder to produce about 86 oz. of mixed formula. This works out to a fairly high price per ounce, but there is one way to save a little money on this product: By logging into the company web site and then registering for the Enfamil Family Beginnings Program. Once registered, Enfamil will help you save money on this and other baby formulas in the Enfamil family.When comparing DHA and ARA fortified baby formulas, I have found only a few small differences between one brand and the next. Enfamil Lipil with Iron and DHA/ARA is like the other formulas, with a few minor differences that make it a little bit better than its competitors. The smoothness of the mixed formula and the easy scooping ability are two important differences. The absence of much gas is also an important difference. I have grown attached to other brands but Enfamil Lipil with Iron is a very good formula that I will likely buy again if I can get my hands on more discount offers. It contains these two important fatty acids along with all the nutrients a baby needs to develop to his/her fullest potential.  