review/text: I didn't even know they had a 'cold' product safe for under age 2...this is safe starting at 1 year. My daughters(14 months) were not even sick when I spotted this at our local pharmacy but I got it to have for when they did get sick so I could give it a try. Plus I have used Hylands Teething Tablets & Colic Tablets and LOVE both of those, they really do work.Unfortunately I have been able to test these out multiple times since then.1st time both of my girls got snotty noses(yellow/green) and they were running ALL the time. I honestly can't say if the Cold Tablets helped any during that or not because I was giving them these tablets but their noses were still running all the time. However, my girls had their colds for a week & were not getting any better so we took them to the Dr...they both had sinus & ear infections & had to be put on prescription antibiotics.Now one of my daughters(Zoey) started having a clear runny nose yesterday & she was sneezing ALL the time. I started giving her these Cold Tablets and I'd say probably around the 3rd dose I noticed a decrease in her runny nose & sneezing...it was still running & she was still sneezing but definately not as much. That was yesterday, today it was the same problem, constant sneezing & runny nose and although this is a TMI, everytime she was sneezing she had tons of clear snot shoot down to or past her mouth. When I say she was constantly sneezing I mean she was sneezing/runny nose every 10 minutes or less. I started giving her these pills again and again around the 3rd dose her sneezing calmed down & her nose was running less.So, it appears to me that these do help. I don't know if they'll help if they actually have an infection like my girls had the first time but for a common cold or if you just dont know the cause, I think these are worth trying.As I said we've used the Hylands Teething Tablets & those worked wonderfully & we still use the Hylands Colic Tablets and Love them. My girls also LOVE all the Hylands Tablets, they see the container & come with their mouths open : ) Also, with the Colic Tablets if my girls are just waking for no appearant reason or are gassy, I'll go in their room-give them 2 tablets-pacifier-lay them back down & they normally go right back to sleep. I did the same thing last night with the Cold Tablets for Zoey, she woke up crying and wouldn't go back to sleep-gave her 2 Cold Tablets-pacifier-layed her back down & she went right back to sleep...To me, I am willing to do anything I can possibly do to help them if they have a cold and this is a SAFE/HOMEOPATHIC thing you can give a 1 year old. We've had our girls to the Dr many times when they've just had a virus and there is nothing they can give them but you can always give them these!!When my girls have a cold we:*plug in a Vicks Vaporizer*use Vicks BABYrub*use Johnsons Vapo-bath*use Saline nose drops & nose sucker*use PLAIN chapstick on their noses so they don't get irritated*now use Hylands C-Plus Cold Tablets  