review/text: I'm about halfway through the 30 capsule bottle. Along with diet and moderate exercise (about 4 times a week), I've lost about 12-15lbs while using Zantrex 3.First off, this pill gives you EXTREME, incredible energy. I'll take it and twenty minutes later -- BAM! I'm up and ready to go. Because of this, I like to take one about an hour before working out, it gives me energy like Super Woman and motivation to work out at the gym. As far as appetite suppression goes, it works fairly well. It helps me stay focused on what I'm doing and less prone to snacking and GREATLY reduces cravings.However, there's a few drawbacks. First, I'll sometimes experience a HUGE crash hours after taking it. Also, don't take it too late into the evening (I'd advise not past 6 pm) unless you want to pull an all-nighter because you literally WILL NOT sleep. When I take Zantrex, I'll often find myself feeling super anxious/paranoid and nervous and jumpy all the time. My heart will sometimes race to the point where I feel like I'm having a panic attack.These pills can dehydrate you -- so drink TONS of water, esp if you're working out. Zantrex makes me go to the bathroom a lot and definitely keeps me "regular." Be sure to take it with food; if I don't, I get really nauseous. Occasionally, I'll get headaches while taking them and I've noticed I've been more moody and more prone to randomly snapping at people.On days when I work out, I'll take one in the morning and another one an hour before I work out. If it's just a regular day, I'll take one in the morning and one 30 minutes - 1 hour before dinner. My biggest recommendation is to take LESS than the recommended dose. I know if I took up to 6 in one day, I'm pretty sure I'd have a stroke. So, start off with one. Don't take more than 3 in a day unless you're looking for a ticket to the ER. I wouldn't recommend this to people who are sensitive to caffeine, because it'll probably make you sick like many other reviewers have experienced.  