review/text: UPDATE: Source Naturals is now using a Vege Cap instead of a gelatin cap.If you are looking for a excellent vegetarian source of DHA look no further. An Amazon subscription is the best price for Vegetarian DHA I have found on the web or in the local health food stores.Benefits of DHA from Pharmacol Res. 1999 Sep;40(3):203.- Docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) is essential for the growth and functional development of the brain in infants.- DHA is also required for maintenance of normal brain function in adults. The inclusion of plentiful DHA in the diet improves learning ability, whereas deficiencies of DHA are associated with deficits in learning.- DHA has a positive effect on diseases such as hypertension, arthritis, atherosclerosis, depression, adult-onset diabetes mellitus, myocardial infarction, thrombosis, and some cancers.An Extract of Research From:Sanders-Brown Center on AgingUniversity of KentuckyAlzheimer's Disease CenterThe Benefits of DHA are not just limitedto slowing Alzheimer's disease progressionDecember 10, 2007Volume1, Issue 1DHA Study NewsletterResearch into the health benefits of DHA doesn't stop with Alzheimer's disease. Scientists have discovered many other benefits for other diseases affecting the brain, eyes, heart, and even important roles in the prevention of certain cancers.In the brain, DHA plays a critical role in development and is now included a supplement in over 90% of the infant formulas sold in America today. Chemical studies in the brains of persons suffering fromdepression have shown dramatic reductions in DHA levels and preliminary data suggests that DHA supplements may help limit the devastating effects and symptoms of major depressive disorder. Investigators have also found that DHA supplements may improve focus and attention and are currently being used for the treatment of Attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD).In the eye, DHA may play a protective role in the development of macular degeneration. This devastating disease affects millions of Americans and can rob an otherwise healthy person of their sight, leading to complete blindness in some.Studies of heart health, have shown positive benefits of DHA in lowering blood pressure, preventing the development of fatal arrhythmias, lowering cholesterol and triglycerides, and in the prevention of heart attacks, stroke, and death.DHA is also being investigated for its protective effects in certain cancers such as Non-Hodgkin's lymphoma and colorectal cancers. DHA has several mechanisms of action in the body and acts as an extremely powerful antioxidant that prevents cell death and injury responsible for many diseases. It also has several other mechanisms of action that may be specific for different disease states. In Alzheimer's disease, it has direct effects on lowering toxic amyloid production in addition to its role as an antioxidant in preventing brain cell loss.---Martek Biosciences Co.,the producer of DHA is right in our own backyardDriving east on US Route 64 from Lexington, I have been struck by the sight of a large industrial plant, with gleaming chrome tanks, the home of Martek Biosciences in Winchester, KY. I often wondered about this plant with its conspicuous absence of black smoke and its shimmering cleanliness. It was not until I became involved with this DHA study that I realized it was the production facility for the DHA supplements you are taking that have so many health benefits.The tanks are actually large fermentation containers where the algae that produce DHA from solar energy and clean water are grown. While DHA is an omega-3-fatty acid found in fish oil, fish do not actually produce this chemical. Instead it is a product of the algae fish eat. DHA is a naturally occurring essential nutrient, meaning it is not produced by our own bodies. While we all can make small quantities of DHA from the other fatty acids in our diets and from supplements like flax seed oil, the best way to ensure we are getting enough DHA is to supplement our diets with pure DHA. The processing of DHA directly from algae allows large scale production of DHA without the risks of mercury contamination found in fish sources of DHA.For more information contact Martek Biosciences Corporation (Winchester) 555 Rolling Hills Lane Winchester, KY 40391, phone 859-744-0920, fax 859-744-8364. or at [...]  