review/text: My husband purchased this toothbrush for me shortly after I had a long two-year period of extensive dental work performed (involving root canals and 3 crowns). I can't recommend this brush enough! I've not had experience with other motorized toothbrushes, but I love the resultant clean teeth and overall versatility of this particular Oral-B model.PROS: I haven't had a negative dental appointment since I started using this brush. My dentist hasn't had to use the scaling tool on me in over a year! I use the floss action heads* and have no intention of using any of the others, except an occasional use of the polishing head (it has a little cupped rubber head on it instead of bristles, which feels really good and leaves teeth with a slick, literally glassy surface after using it in conjunction with the Polish speed on the toothbrush handle).It's super easy to use -- select a speed (it defaults to the faster speed) and it lets you know with short motor notifications every 30 seconds so you know when to switch to a different quadrant of your mouth, and gives you a different motor notification to let you know the two minutes are up. This beats egg timers and the like cluttering bathroom vanities! It even displays a pleasant digital smiley face icon on the handle to let you know when time's up.The battery life is fantastic -- I don't have to use the charger at all during 14-day vacations where I use it twice a day every day. The low battery indicator does display right after I return home, though, so I'm not sure how long it will run beyond the flashing low battery indicator.This may initially seem like a pricey alternative to standard disposable toothbrushes, but when you consider the price of costly (and painful) dental work that you might not otherwise need as a result of loyal use with this toothbrush, the cost of it really wins hands-down.CONS: My only suggestion is to completely remove the plastic brush head storage contraption from the simple plug-in base. There must be some other way to conveniently store multiple brush heads -- they probably fit just fine in normal toothbrush holders. The brush heads don't seem to stay put in the thing, anyway, plus it takes up too much room and the brush can stand perfectly on the plug in ring and not become slimy inside. I used to have black slime regularly appear in the recharger ring because it would get wet and stay trapped that way in the big plastic contraption (I don't have any issues like this elsewhere as I live in a very dry climate); ever since I fully removed that, I have had no more trouble with black slimy stuff.OVERALL: Since using this toothbrush for the first time, I've had to use a standard brush a handful of times and my mouth never feels clean after using one of those. My mouth only truly feels clean either after a dental check-up and cleaning, or after using my Oral-B Triumph Professional Care brush. I can't stand the thought of the gnarly bristles on standard toothbrushes anymore and they seem completely ineffective to me. My husband was reluctant to switch over but once he did, he admitted that he uses this toothbrush over a standard one because his mouth feels so much more clean afterward. I'm spoiled with my Oral-B Triumph!*Using the floss action heads doesn't mean that you shouldn't floss regularly anymore. . . . . flossing is still a necessary part of good dental health!  