review/text: I really wanted to like this product because it is far more affordable and comparable to the other major Greens supplement out there. The price is great, the ingredients are high quality, the vitamins/minerals/ingredients are great and in good numbers, but the awful taste leads to me staring at the huge jar and praying that it will eat itself and disappear off my countertop so I don't have to take it or feel guilty for letting it go to waste. After hearing that the taste was sub-par, I thought "I'm a man, I've eaten dozens of gross things, surely I could choke this down before it does me in," but I was wroooooong. I set up a well-mixed serving according to the directions and started drinking... I'm not 100% sure what happened next, but it ended up with me coughing, hacking, and dry-heaving at the sink and the rest of the drink going down the drain. I tried milk and juice and it made me consider throwing out the milk and juice so I wouldn't consider using it in milk or juice again. I stopped taking it after a week of morning self-flagellation, and I finally threw the canister away last week to save myself from further guilt-tripping for purchasing and not using.I'm sorry Vibrant Health Green Vibrance, but honestly, the price of the other Greens supplements out there completely justifies the higher prices they charge because I can take it every morning and actually enjoy the taste without ending up coughing and dry-heaving the taste of dirt on dirt on grass from my mouth. I will eat crickets, mealworms, and/or grasshoppers much sooner than I will ever try Vibrant Health again.Pro:- Lots of great ingredients.- Every vitamin and mineral you'd ever need in reasonable quantities (not overdoing it)- They list out every ingredient and amount (no "proprietary blends")Con:- The taste (in water, milk, or juice) makes it nearly impossible to take.- The taste is awful.- The taste is like dirt. Rolled in a big pile of dirt. Then sprinkled with grass on top.- Dear heavenly beings, the taste.2-stars because it wasn't all bad, just the taste. I cannot recommend this product to anyone.  