review/text: OMG! Had recurrent back injury treated sucessfully for a while with chiro but reinjured, had one epidural which made it worse. Had to have surgery, continued to have problems for a few years including several epidurals and, of course, RXs. Docs told me I needed MORE back surgery in the SAME place due to scar tissue from the surgery/injury/epidurals and DDD (degenerative disk disease) which was then affecting other places in my spine. I was almost totally disabled.My very large, aging dog was having trouble ambulating due to arthritis. Saw a magazine ad on OBF, thought I'd try it on the dog and was AMAZED. Two months later the dog was running/jumping again so I thought I'd see if it would help with my back.It fixed my back, it fixed a very severe case of TMJ I had (the docs wanted to replace my jaw with an artificial one (of course! Cut, cut, cut.) But it also fixed the plantar fascitis I'd been spending a fortune on at the podiatrist's office trying to remedy as well as having to wear "special" EXPENSIVE shoes.That was 2005 and you would never know I ever had a problem with my back, jaw or feet. I no longer have to use my handicap parking placard, wheel chair cart, can take my new dog walking 2 miles a day, load firewood, haul it and manually split it with a sledge hammer. I quit taking it several years ago because I was doing so well (plus I'd found out about the magnesium stearate that's in OBF tablets) but little aches creeping up and looking for powder/liquid without the magnesium stearate that the pill form has.I've recommended OBF to so many people who had bone/joint problems that were amazed that they could reverse their condition completely so quickly. At least one of them had to use a walker and had been scheduled for bilateral knee replacement. Recommended OBF to her and 3 months later she could ambulate easily and pain free.OBF is a simple nutritional supplement. We either do not eat a healthy diet or the produce/fruits we do eat have been tampered with (GMO), tainted with pesticides or simply lacking in nutrition because grocery store produce loses valuable nutrients during the travel time being transported half way across the country. (I can't say ENOUGH for locally-grown produce.) GMO crops, which are so unhealthy are becoming more prevalent in AgriBiz as well.  