review/text: I occasionally suffer from bad neck spasms and experience agonizing pain. I went to my local pharmacy and purchased something to put in the freezer that had little pea like beads in it that fastened around the neck. I paid $20 and it was horrible. It was made out of plastic and the edges cut into my skin and it was too tight around the neck.I was desperate for something comfortable, that could adjust to a bigger neck size and be used as a heating pad and for cold therapy. When I got this I was pleasantly surprised by the high quality of this item. It is very well made, very cushioned and it fits comfortably around my neck and holds well with the velcro. It can be helpful for big necks and little necks because it can be adjusted.It covers a lot of area and I like the fact that it covers the back of my shoulders well, the nape of the neck all the way up to the bottom of my ears and jaw bone as well as all around the throat.It is a little tricky at first getting it to warm up to a temperature in the micro that is perfect. In my Sharp Carousel microwave it takes about 35-45 seconds on each side. Sometimes more sometimes less. If it feels too hot, just let it cool off a minute or so. Once you do this a few times you will get the hang of it and know exactly how long to heat it up for. The heat really helps my neck spasms. It stays warm for about 20 minutes or so and then wanes. I just throw it back in the microwave again.The cold version is nice, but does not last very long and does not feel as cold as I would like it to be despite being in the freezer over night. I noticed the coolness will last only between 15-20 minutes tops. When it is cold, it feels like a cool damp towel and is quite flexible, not hard like a block of ice.When the coolness wears off, I take a bunch of ice cubes, place them in a ziploc bag, wrap that in a dishtowel and place it under the Elasto-gel Cervical Collar. Then I close it around my neck with the velcro and I am ok for a while longer. It holds the ice pack on for me.I would give it 5 stars if the cold and warm therapy would last longer, but the ice cube method works and the collar holds it in place wonderfully.If you do the ice cube method, please make sure you keep the ice cubes inside a ziploc bag and keep a dishtowel around it because this cervical collar is not allowed to get wet. If it gets wet, the gel inside it will get ruined and render the collar useless.  