review/text: I also have read the reports how this form is superior. It may very well be, but my advice to you is to start with cheap drugstore magnesium. This will be magnesium oxide, usually in 250 mg pills. You can get a bottle of 100 of these, usually for around $[...]For many people, taking 2 or 3 of these "drugstore" pills a day is sufficient to solve their problems. For example, leg cramps is a common symptom of magnesium deficiency. Almost everyone in the modern world is suffering from a magnesium deficiency, it is simply not in most people's food in sufficient quantity. I take between 500 and 800 mg per day.I have purchased and used these particular magnesium pills. They are low dosage, because of the form they are in. But they seem well absorbed and I was willing to reorder them.When I first start ordering them, Vitamin Shoppe had some sort of deal with Amazon, and shipping was only 99 cents. And Vitamin Shoppe shipped very quickly and they were at my door in a day or two. A good deal.My advice again: you should take some magnesium, even if it not the ultimately best form. Take at least the daily government requirement, and experiment with other forms of magnesium, as you find it necessary. If you need a version of magnesium which is more easily absorbed, and other versions have not worked, then certainly try this type.UPDATE: Although I still like Magnesium Taurate and Magnesium Penetrator (see below), I find the new "chelated" magnesiums to be better than all the other forms. The chelated forms are far less likely to cause bowel distress, since they are in a form that looks like food to the digestive system. I have tried several brands, all with good effect.Country LifeChelated Magnesium (250mg) 180 tabs, 250 mg, 180 tabletsDoctor's BestDoctor's Best - High Absorption 100% Chelated Magnesium, 120 tablets, 120 tabletsAlso, Magnesium Penetrator is much more easily absorbed than typical magnesium.MAGNESIUM PENETRATORDescription of Ingredients1. Magnesium AEP(Aminoethylphosphoric Acid)2. Magnesium Aspartate3. Magnesium Orotate4-6. Magnesium Citrate, Gluconate, & Oxide7. Vitamin B68-12. Lipase, Amylase, Protease, Lactase, & Peppermint Oil13. Alfalfa  