review/text: First, the taste. This stuff tastes like yard waste smells (dirt and leaves) and will turn anything you mix it with an attractive mud color. Quite a few of the reviews on here note that it can be mixed with juice, which I have tried; I find it better to just mix it with something complementary, so I drink it with spicy low-sodium V8, and that definitely makes it more palatable. At least I can pretend it is gaspacho or something.Second, the ingredients. Vibrant Health has quite an ingredient list on this, and it will most likely benefit you if you have a temporarily unbalanced diet. Currently, I am in the process of moving, and I don't want to buy more groceries, so I have been supplementing with this to make up for what my diet lacks now until I can get settled and go to the store. Unfortunately, I have yet to find a third-party source that can verify that this contains all it says it does (if someone has found one, that would be helpful for everybody!). It would be nice to have some sort of verification about the contents, considering the huge list of things that are supposedly in it.I can say, however, that I feel better after taking it, but I don't feel any benefits right away. Rather, after going through the normal lethargy of a juice fast, I do feel more alert and energized and "cleansed", but I have yet to feel any lasting benefits for things like my asthma and breakouts, etc.; I am hoping that those will come, and if not, I will probably reevaluate whether I want to continue taking this, which brings me to my last point.Third, the price. This stuff is expensive. If you have access to a decent grocery store or vitamin shop, there is no way you can't find what you need for your specific issue for less money, but it might be able to fill in some gaps if that is not possible (maybe you have your jaw wired shut or something?). I will continue taking this to see if it has any long-term benefits, but really, it is more about the convenience factor than anything. If you aren't afraid to cook and can choke down a variety of plants, or if you already have a balanced diet, then you probably don't need this.  