review/text: Most people use whatever toothbrush falls into their life -- a freebie from the dentist, one purchased from the selection of the corner drugstore, or perhaps drawn from a twelve-brush family-pack stocked at a local big-box warehouse retailers. And while any one of these passive receipts may lead to an adequate brush, they will not consistently lead you to a superior tool that matches your own mouth's needs.In particular, beyond obvious differences such as brush head size and bristle stiffness, consumers should consider overall length, head angle, bristle pattern, neck thickness and handle composition. The best brush for you is the one that allows you to easily reach all tooth surfaces (particularly the sides and backs of rear molars) and is sufficiently pleasant to use that you'll go the full two-minutes recommended by most dentists.Dental hygenists will tell you that most people use brushes with too-big heads and too-firm bristles. While a full-sized brush head suggests greatest coverage per stroke, in fact the size blunts the brush's effectiveness in hard-to-reach areas. Only those with larger-than-average sized mouths (or perhaps horse-like teeth) actually need a full-sized toothbrush. Most will be better served by a compact head size.Similarly, many feel that firm bristles will more readily remove debris and plaque, when in fact the average user will only find that such bristles cause gum irritation. A soft (or even extra-soft) bristle will work just as well, and be more inviting for a full two-minute brush. You don't need to scrub your teeth like a tile floor to achieve optimal cleaning.With all of that in mind, the Butler G-U-M Super Tip Soft Compact Head toothbrush will be a favorite of many. The bristles are a touch softer than other brands' "soft" -- particularly retail leader Oral B's. The slightly stiffer bristles at the tip combine with the compact head and narrow neck to allow rear tooth surfaces to be reached with ease. The notched handle and rubberized grip provide additional control and remain comfortable in the hand.Butler toothbrushes can be more difficult to find than Oral B or Colgate branded items, but they're worth the search. If you can't find them at your local retailer, it's worth the extra effort to order them on-line. And order some floss while you're at it! [2006 hyperbolium dot com]  