review/text: I've used a Norelco for years, and I must admit I was pretty nervous about switching from the rotatory style blades. While at first I had mixed feelings about the Braun, it's grown on me quite a bit and I'm quite satisfied. I've had the shaver for four months now, so I believe I can give a good overview of its performance.First off, I hate to shave more than a few times a week and my hair grows thick. With my Norelco, if I shaved daily it left horrible razor burn. If I shaved with some growth, I literally had to use the trimmer on my face first, then the regular blades. The Norelco wasn't capable of cutting a few days growth without pulling hard. Neither of these are a problem with the Braun. The Braun does a fairly impressive job with quick shaves and can easily power through 3-4 days growth without a problem. It's very comfortable to use with minimal irritation.I do, however, have a few issues with the Braun. First, the shave isn't exactly as close as others seem to be experiencing. Perhaps it's my thick hair, but even after a thorough shave I still have a bit of a shadow on the face. This bugged me at first, but I've got used to it. If you want a completely smooth shave, this may not be good enough. I honestly don't know if this is anything I should be blaming on the blade though, and it's improved over time.My second complaint is that to get thorough shave on the neck, it will take several passes. At first it may seem impossible, but once you get used to the shaver both growth and usage, it'll get easier. It takes a bit more care and effort that it probably should, but the irritation is so much lower (sometimes none) that I honestly don't mind. It will get the job done, if given a chance.Despite these two quite valid complaints, the pros far outweigh the cons for me. The shaver is sleek, effective, and powerful. I love the built in trimmer blade, the way the cord can be plugged into the shaver itself, and especially the self cleaning system. Despite claims of running out quickly and evaporation here on Amazon.com, my experience has been great. With my infrequent shaving, the carts last me well past the 60 days suggested in the instruction manual. I can usually get a good 75 or so days from each cart, and the carts themselves are very cheap.  