review/text: Well this product was really a shot in the dark for me, I mean chinese miracle solution right!?!? I'm a truck driver and these things have been plaguing me for 7 years! I mean I have re-organized my life around roids, very very bad ones, inner and outer. I have lived my life carrying baby wipes and prep-H on me at all times, I mean that stuff gets really expensive after a while you know(I know You know what I mean). Social awkwardness, really long bathroom times considering I'm OCD, anyway these started destroying my life when I was a bodybuilder and ongoing from being a truck driver.Ok so I was willing to try anything at this point but 1'st I went to the doctor AGAIN to get a script of cream that rang up to 158.00! I was like YOU CAN PUT THAT BACK! I'll deal with it, well when I got home I was looking up solutions ranging from heat, combined with witch hazel and Lidocaine........ Yeah well I saw this and it had near a hundred good reviews so for 17 bucks with shipping I was willing to go for a longshot (keep in mind I read the bad reviews and I actually thought it wouldn't work).Yeah well it WORKED! I mean really worked, I'm starting to think that drug companies really try to squeeze money out of people by putting out mild stuff that doesn't work to keep it at bay, I mean i've had scripts of cream and yeah it worked but for 158.00 and it took 4 tubes to make a difference then very shortly after they come back naaa I'm done! I applied this twice the first day and yeah it feels like an ice cube literally, it doesnt hurt in the sense though but really cooling. Keep in mind I did NOT use this while having a bad flare up, the flare up had died down some by the time it came in the mail but to me flare up or not I'm so used to it I just deal with it enough to keep it out of my mind. This stuff really felt like it was working, you can feel them absorb it, after ONE day they reduced by half or more! The second day today, which is tonight they are GONE! I mean GONE! 7 f'ing years of hurt and wasting money on prep-h cream and wipes, adjusting my life and they are gone with this chinese miracle!Now for pros/consCons: Ok they did make them hurt a lil the first day, like sensitive but It really feels like it's absorbing so really who cares they hurt me every day so that and maybe it smells strong and feels like an ice cube. (Though during a flare up an Ice cube feeling is really good)Pros: THEY ARE GONE! THIS STUFF WORKED! This is all that I will EVER buy again. They shipped me 3 tubes and I used not a quarter of one tube so think about that for a minute. 8 bucks for prep-h per tube per week or 2 tubes depending on severity, baby wipes EVERY weekConcluding this I will say I don't know about the negative reviews, everyone is different but it seems that the majority here finds this a miracle so it sucks for those it didn't work for but for those of you like me who know what going through life every day like this feels like 17 bucks is NOT a problem to take a shot  