review/text: *****This Bedtime Tea from Yogi Tea is an herbal tea that is relaxing and a natural sleep aid. Bedtime Tea is made from organic licorice root, organic spearmint leaf, organic chamomile flower, organic skullcap leaf, organic cardamom seed, organic cinnamon bark, organic St. John's Wort leaf & flower, organic rose hips, natural orange flavor, valerian root extract, organic raspberry leaf, organic English lavender flower, steveia leaf, and passion flower extract. The taste is mild, delicious, herb-y, and very slightly sweet. It is subtle and lovely.I am definitely impressed with this tea and with Yogi Teas in general. Bedtime Tea comes with an expiration date (a good thing, because it's not full of preservatives, plus you can tell if it is fresh). Yogi Tea seems to be another company (like Numi, Aspen, Traditional Medicinals) that values sustainable and healthy practices. Their web site has a helpful glossary of tea ingredients and is beautifully designed, with info about each tea they make.Yogi Tea writes this on the box about the tea's benefits: "Organic Bedtime tea is a safe, gentle and delicious way to help you get a restful night's sleep.Valerian (Valeriana officinalis) and other calming herbs included in this organic formula have been used for centuries to promote sleep without the risk of a morning "hangover" that can sometimes result from the use of drug products. This healing formula also includes Organic Chamomile (Matricaria recutita), which has been used for years by Western herbalists to soothe and relax and for its effectiveness in combating nervousness and restlessness. Mild relaxants such as Organic St. John's Wort and Passion Flower are also included in this formula. St. John's Wort is well known for its positive effects on mood, while Passion Flower, a Native American herb containing the naturally occurring chemical chrysina, a flavonoid, has been shown to help reduce nervousness and anxiety. This tea is also enhanced with Organic Skullcap, which has scutellarian, a plant compound that has been shown to help reduce anxiety. To help promote better and deeper sleep, health practitioners recommend avoiding caffeine products. Drink organic Bedtime tea before bed for a good night's sleep."There is a warning on the box that this tea is not to be used during pregnancy or while nursing. If you are taking MAO inhibitors or other prescription drugs, you should consult your physician or health care professional before use. There are no other cautions or warnings on the box except the standard disclaimer that the tea is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease.This tea has no caffeine and is entirely herbal.Best of all, it works...I love drinking it before bed to relax and drift off into blissful sleep. This is a great tea that I highly recommend.*****  