review/text: I've used epilators, almost exclusively, for the past 10 years. It just isn't worth the hassle of shaving everyday. I've used the Braun silk-epil the last couple times and since I've had to replace it twice now because it simply stopped working, I thought I would try another product that I hoped would have a better lifespan. I also figured that since I was getting a new product, I may as well try to fix some of the other flaws I've found with the Braun product - hair grows back too quickly, hair isn't removed fast enough, it is extremely loud, it sometimes simply does not pick up hair. So I tried the emjoi optima.Huge mistake.Some reviews had mentioned the ergonomics are not ideal. I have small hands but I am a grown woman (albeit, 5 foot 2) and after about a minute of holding this my hand was cramping up in pain - it was the same pain I experienced after writing by hand for about 3 hours straight. Thus I would say it is not that the ergonomics are not ideal, they are so terrible that it is difficult to use the product. For me, impossible.The design of the head is also off. The blades are only in the middle of the device and they depress and need to touch the skin in order for it to work. the plastic parts next to the blades do not depress. So if you have parts of your body that have, say, bones, it is very difficult to get the epilator to remove hair without taking off slices of skin (a most unpleasant experience, and one I have never had with any other epilator).There are two speeds, which would make sense, except that the device is not designed for the user to be able to guide the device to the necessary areas and still hold onto the epilator - the motor power sends all the energy into the head, which means that if you depress at 90 degrees as you are meant to do, all the pressure of a modulating motor is on the skin and in order to keep the epilator in place, you have to push it and hold it in place like you're doing a serious exercise.On top of all of this, it simply doesn't remove hair. It leaves all kinds of stubble, not massive stubble but there's no point to going through all of this if you can't then slide your hand along your leg and have it be smooth. And it takes forever because you have to repeat areas endlessly to get the same result you would get on one round with the Braun device.I horribly regret having purchased this device and wish some of the reviews would have been more explicit about what a terrible product it is.  