review/text: First of all, let me say this....ZANTREX 3 is NOT FOR EVERYONE. I have read the reviews and I have seen how some people take it in differently. Some develop these problems, others don't. So that much is clear, IT'S NOT FOR EVERYONE.Second of all, yes it says it'll shed some pounds for you. But in order to make sure this is effective, you have to put in work. You can't expect to eat like a pig and take this and still lose weight. No. If you want to really lose weight and use Zantrex 3, you have to eat the right way which means no eating fast food, and eating smart, of course. And of course, exercise. Cut off fast food, PLEASE! That stuff is like poison to the human race. It may taste good but you only not doing your body so good. And #1 weight tip from....DRINK LOTS OF WATER.Okay, on to my review. Before I took Zantrex 3, I have already lost 30 pounds on my own. My goal was to lose 50 pounds. When I first started taking Zantrex, I started with one pill just 15 minutes before my breakfast meal. I started with one pill, then after a while I took the recommonded dosage which is 2. I reached my goal of losing 50 pounds. I was 192 pounds, now I am 140 pounds. I was a pant size 36, now I am a pant size (waist) 30. I lost lots of weight with Zantrex 3. I am proud! I am happy! I feel great, I look great! I thank myself and also of course, Zantrex 3. But at the same time, I feel bad because Zantrex 3 is a very strong product.The side effects....when I take Zantrex 3....I get a high boost in energy as if I could take on the day. I do get a little hyper and a little jittery and shakey. I hate that feeling. But it gives me the energy to fulfill my day. I don't crash or anything. My appetite...I think this supplement actually reduces it because whenever I don't take it, I am hungry all the time but when I do take it, I am only hungry at different times of the day.I do realize that when I take it on a day, I have trouble sleeping at night. I usually sleep around 10PM, but with Zantrex 3, I don't sleep til 12AM-1AM....around that area or so.It's a good diet AID. I mean I say it is an aid to lose weight, not the actual do-er of losing weight. I take it as an aid because Zantrex 3 boosts your metabolism to HELP you lose weight. That means you have to put in the work.However, whenever I workout, and finish, my heart is beating so fast and furious. I don't really like that at all.I give this product 3 stars due to some of the negative things I just mentioned (sleeping, heart beat problems).I'll say this product should be use as an aid to HELP you lose weight. And I say this product should only be use for the ones who are in good condition...no heart problems...no diabetics...no high cholestrol or such and such.Take my advice....if you wanna use this product, don't start off with this. First try and lose a few pounds first on your own and when you near your goal, use Zantrex 3. BUT BE CAREFUL. THIS PRODUCT IS NOT FOR EVERYONE.I took just one pill of Zantrex 3 this morning and I still have a high bar of energy in me. It was just one instead of two and i still have all this energy. This stuff is strong and like I said, it's NOT FOR EVERYONE.In the end, I say you should maybe just maybe do not use this at all. If you decide to, BE CAREFUL BECAUSE THIS STUFF IS VERY STRONG.DON'T TAKE IT EVERYDAY. TAKE ONLY TWO A DAY. MAYBE ONE. (MY SUGGESTIONS IS ONE). TAKE IT EVERY OTHER DAY, NOT EVERY SINGLE DAY. If you wanna make sure you sleep tonight, TAKE THIS IN THE MORNINGS (5AM-8AM) Not in the afternoons or half of the day because if you do that, you'll not gonna be able to sleep.  