review/text: I started taking this about a year and a half ago- I'm now 4.5 months pregnant. I was pretty wary about prenatals for several reasons:(1) I thought most- like the ones my doctor gave me- required multiple dosages. I have a hard time remembering my keys let alone taking a vitamin more than once per day. Plus, there's number 2...(2) Some multivitamins have made me nauseous or annoyed my stomach. I don't have a weak stomach, but some have bothered me. I knew a prenatal packed so much stuff in it that this could be painful. In regards to multiple dosages, I figured taking more than one vitamin a day might be just as bad as a single vitamin jammed with everything I need.(3) There are so many choices out there that you can easily get lost. And the prices range from exceptionally cheap to ridiculously expensive and it's hard to know what is really good.When I researched prenatals, I compared each against the recommended allowances for each supplement. Most of the ones that you took once per day did not give you enough of one item or another. Most of the vitamins that sufficed required multiple dosages and, as I mentioned, that wasn't for me.And then I ran into Rainbow Light on a pregnancy website and noticed it had high reviews- and a lot of them- from all over the web. I liked that it was vegetable-based (I'm not a vegetarian, but I figured this might be easier on the stomach) and an all-in-one pill. It met every requirement for a prenatal except for calcium. I wound up buying this and the Rainbow Light calcium supplement and I've been hooked ever since. From day one I felt no nausea, no upset stomach, nothing- not even taking both pills together. Yes, they're large, but I don't have a problem with that, so I can't say much about that except it seems many prenatals are huge.As with most vitamins I've taken, I either notice a gradual change or nothing at all. With this one, I noticed my nails and hair growing stronger and faster (before I was pregnant). I haven't been sick a day since I started on them, though that could be coincidence. But I do feel great and had no problems taking these even during the first trimester. I did wind up having to take a Vitamin D supplement after I started seeing my OB because it seems the recommendations are changing. This vitamin gives you 400IU, the normal, recommended amount for pregnant/nursing women, but my doctor wants me to take 2000IU.On top of all of this, this vitamin is reasonably priced. I've paid anywhere from $19 to $25 for 150 count. For the price, convenience, and quality, I don't know how this could be beat.I just bought the men's multivitamin for my husband, so we'll see what he thinks of that one.  