review/text: Alba Botanica's Bath and Shower Gel lineup, especially in the 32-oz. pump container and in its French Lavender incarnation, is the bee's knees.Okay, if that doesn't float one's botanical, how 'bout it being a supreme source of relaxation? That it is, most of the time, and I generally need it on bath night.I suffer from the painful type of peripheral neuropathy ("Google it" to find out why it can be so horribly painful, but go to the Neuropathy Assn. web site, [...], to find out about numbing neuropathy vs. painful neuropathy, how to help those who suffer from it and how to help oneself if you've got it).To help control pain, my doc writes me an Rx for pain patches which are of incredible strength. But the patches only last for 3 days, and I can't shower with the patches applied to my side torso (which also means no swimming pool, beach swimming or other extended water dunking; I know, I know, a BIG boo-hoo!). But every three nights, it's bath night, something I thought I'd never "warm up" to (I was more of a shower guy; sorry, TMI?).And yet I now look forward to it most of the time. I even had a special soaking tub installed to replace the standard-size bathtub that was there for 40-some years. Since I live in a condo., I wasn't allowed to have a whirlpool tub installed as they cause a lot of noise for the neighbor below. But this tub is almost as good and certainly allows me to enjoy a relaxing, deep soak. I have other accessories which improve the experience, e.g. bath pillow and methods for enjoying a late meal. Alba Botanical's Bath and Shower Gel provides a great overall product.I do wish I could purchase Alba Botanica in a larger container so I'd help save on wasteful packaging. And yet the packaging used can be recycled and at 32 oz. is a very large unit compared with what so many stores sell. Again, I love the 32-oz. size since it is a pump canister.And I do not notice my eyes tearing over so much as they did when I had to substitute the brand for another shower gel (Avalon Organics). NEVER AGAIN!Go with good faith that this Alba Botanical product SHOULD help provide a good or great soak!  