review/text: [updated]This is one of two potty seats we use in the house with our HUGE 3 year old son (45 pounds, 42" tall).The seat is well constructed, and has some nice features. In particular, it has two braces which can be moved by turning a dial accessible while the seat is on the toilet, to make the potty seat tightly held in the toilet seat, and therefore stable. That's nice.The plastic is smooth and easy to clean. And unfortunately, I spend a lot of time cleaning this potty seat and around it when my boy pees sitting down. Originally I thought this was because of the potty seat design.The front splash guard is raised to keep the child from missing the potty entirely, which is great. However, it's not aimed downward but instead is straight up and down. Unless I'm extremely careful to position him towards the very back of the potty seat (a problem if he will poo), my son winds up hitting himself, the toilet seat, and for all I know the ceiling when he pees. Worse, the pee splashes up underneath the potty seat and pools around the inside of the black rubber seal around the potty seat's edge. It's a mess, and requires cleaning the toilet seat every time I remove the potty seat from top of it.I guess I should consider this incentive to get him to learn to point down when he pees, but when you're potty training and just trying to get your kid to use the toilet at all, it's a pain.So, five star construction, comfort for sitting, and the adjustable fit. 3 stars for hygeine and spraying my son with his own pee. Average is four stars.Addendum: Since writing this review I've used a few other potty seats, which has improved my opinion of THIS one. Unfortunately unless you teach your boy to aim downwards, pee is going all kinds of places you don't want with pretty much any potty seat. This potty seat's front piece extends further down than a travel potty seat, for example, which is good. In this potty seat, there's sprayback, but in a travel potty seat, the pee can actually shoot UNDER the toilet seat and above the toilet, at the hapless parent foolish enough to stand in front of the boy. And I get some sprayback. So, given a choice between these two design options, I think the babybjorn probably makes the right choice. Bumping the star rating from 3 to 4 to reflect this. I'd still like a miracle solution, if anyone knows one!  