review/text: Needless to say, this gadget (and it is a gadget... it's the multitool of muscle pain) isn't something you'll necessarily want to take to Vegas with you, as it is pretty big and awkward. But I bought this due to its awesome price vs. a TheraCane or Hi-Push, which is $20 more for much less tool, and it doesn't take up much less space anyway. It's $30, $35 and you get a little version for travel. $30 is a steal for something this versatile. For those in the continental 48, shipping is like, $8...The selling points are these:-- It's $20 cheaper, or 40%, than a TheraCane.-- Two end arcs of varying diameters, allow for hitting back, hip, thigh, and glute trigger points, something the T-Cane will also do, but not as well.-- Two angled handles jutting out of both arcs allow better leverage for holding and applying pressure vs. T-Cane's perpendicular handles.-- Three shapes of knobs allow differing penetration into deeper or less-accessible tissues, such as the sole of the foot, levator scapulae, and semispinalis capitis. These are also distributed differently on the handles as well, whereas the T-Cane has only one size and shape of knob, spherical.-- It's $20 cheaper. Even if it was identical to the T-Cane, I still think $20 cheaper would make this pretty brainless to go for.Considering points before you hit 'Buy':-- Some like the neater look of the T-Cane, which never was a factor in my decision -- if it works, I don't care what it looks like. The T-Cane's slightly smaller size may also allow it into carryon. But the price difference + added function trump both for me.-- This is a tool made for attacking and releasing trigger points you may acquire in service as a massage therapist/bodyworker. If this conflicts with your own methods for self-care, then no need to buy one. But I've on a few occasions found it useful for pointing out homework trigger point work for clients, vs. a tennis ball in a sock (which works great for certain muscles too, make no mistake). I think for the price in the contiguous 48 anyway, it's a no-brainer.Get it... worked out some calf and QL trigger points a couple weeks ago with this, and it worked a charm. Hit your levator scapulae with this once a day, and your head turns far easier, nice when you're doing a bit of driving running errands with extended time entering SOAPs into the computer. :p  