review/text: I bought the 2.75 Strength, Tortoise Gold/Antique Gold version of these. They are my second pair of readers. The first wereMagnivision Titanium Reader, 2.75 Strength.I find no optical difference between the two. Both are clear and sharp whether reading the computer screen, reading printed material or performing small-scale tasks like cutting a pill in half or setting the thermostat. I know from having dropped the Magnivisions many times on all types of surfaces that they are very durable. These seem well-made and long-lasting as well (although I have had them for less time than the others).Appearance-wise, these are the clear winners. The Magnivisions make me look a bit like Grandpa Walton. With these, I am more Chuck Yeager. They are regular, full-size aviator-style frames like you often see as sunglasses on State Troopers.However, for comfort the Magnivisions have the advantage. These weigh 1.25 ounces. The Magnivisions are 0.65 ounces - about half! And you absolutely do notice that weight difference when you have worn each for a while. Granted, this is at least partly due to the fact that the 4Readers have a larger lens and a more robust frame and there is value in that, but the others have enough lens to do their job and, as mentioned, I can attest to their ability to take punishment. I don't mean to say that these are uncomfortable - they are not. Just that the others are *more* comfortable.Price is the last comparison, and the 4Readers win that one handily. They are about 1/4 of the cost of the Magnivisions. If you lose them or sit on them or find a way to break them, it's a lesser trauma than it would be with the $30+ Magnivisions.I have attached lanyards/croakiesEyesave Croakies & Cords - Nylon Cordto the Magnivisions. This makes them even more convenient and always close at hand, but now I look like Grandpa Walton working as a part-time librarian. I think when I'm home alone I will use the Magnivisions. When I go out, I will leave those and take these 4Readers with me so friends, family and the world at large will think I am a cool guy and will not be wondering where John-Boy is.  