review/text: Let me start right off by saying this stuff works. It works so well that its hard to believe that it was so ineffective for some of the other reviewers. But unfortunately that sometimes happens even with the best of products. Like all wart removers I have read about, one must remember that patience is a virtue, and this stuff is no different. Despite touting its extra strength it still takes about 10 days to two weeks on average to really remove all of a wart. But just about 5 days into the procedure you will see the wart beginning to soften and dry up. You can pick at it and remove the dried up tissue as you go along, or you can just allow the stick to do its job thoroughly and pretty much brush it away once its dead and nothing but flaky tissue. Using it is a breeze. You merely rub the stick on your wart with a light coat and then bandage it, once a day. For those that are impatient, you will not see any discernible difference in the first couple of days. But in about 5 days or a week, the results really start to show and you are on your way. This is my first time around with warts, so I can't attest to its being better than any other treatment around. What I can say is that this stuff is painless, very easy to use, and most effective. I recommend it...A few other observations. This stick is the exact same size and shape as a tube of chap stick. It even has the same consistency. I suggest if you are one to keep chap stick lying around you make sure you separate this from it, or be careful and observant. I wouldn't want to think of what this stiff would do to someones lips. Also, the directions state to apply and then bandage, but it doesn't tell you for how long. So I apply it in the morning and keep the bandages on till they are starting to get dirty or annoying, ('round late afternoon or so). One last detail, with all due respect to the other reviewer here that described a home made system of cutting up a bandage to protect the good skin around a wart, I simply apply this to my wart, and then take a cue tip and clean all around it after application, thus cleaning up most of the excess. I removed three warts on my hand this way and suffered no drying up of good skin, or flakiness around them. All in all this stick is not one of those treatments that sacrifices effectiveness for it's convenience. Figure on about 2 weeks or so of once a day application, and you will be wart free and feeling spry in no time. Highly recommended...  