review/text: In October 2010 I purchased Source Naturals L-Tryptophan. It was recommended to help me with light insomnia. One hour after taking only two 500mg capsules I became desperately ill and my health has continued to decline to this day to the point I am now housebound and cannot stand for more than a few minutes due to terrible pain. My experiences led me to write two books about what had happened, the horrors myself and my young family have had to endure because I took only two Source Naturals L-Tryptophan capsules. Before and after writing the books my research turned up some very alarming information about this so called "natural" company. They produced L-Tryptophan in the 1980s which caused the disease I have now to endure, EMS, or Eosinophilia Myalgia Syndrome. They were litigated to be held accountable to the victims killed or disabled for life. Tryptophan was then banned for a period of more than a decade. And now? Source "naturals" think it acceptable to buy their Tryptophan from China, where it is usually made from duck feathers, (diseased or not). They do not tell you this on the label, the label on the bottle states "made in the USA" which is a lie. The Tryptophan is imported from China and merely put into capsules in the USA, then sold to an ignorant public. Legally it is a disgrace, although they are permitted to act in this manner by current legislation. So why should you care? Why should you stop buying Source Naturals? For one reason. They are a firm which does NOT have the consumers interests at heart. They are interested mainly in profit, as there are sources of ethically produced Tryptophan around (plenty of them), but Source Naturals consider it more profitable to buy in bulk from the one country we have all heard so many horror stories about when it comes to foods and supplementation - China. If you wish to keep buying Source Naturals products I wish you well, and I hope and pray that you do not contract a horrible disease from their products as a result of their greed, as I have done. Think for a moment before you press that buy button - the Source Natural product you are about to buy may well have an ingredient from a VERY un-natural source.  