review/text: All in all it works fairly well. The pump seems to be pretty strong (see caution about this below), and the reservoir is large enough for me to pik my way between all the teeth in my mouth and still have water left over. The first time I used it was a real eye opener... I always brush my teeth at least twice a day with a good electric toothbrush, and I flossed occasionally, so I couldn't imagine there was that much gunk between my teeth. Boy was I wrong! I closed the drain in the sink just so that I could evaluate the water as it dribbled out of my mouth. By the time I got done, the water was grey and cloudy and contained lots of particles (and even a few chunks!) of food and who knows what else. Disgusting! I've seen cleaner water come out of my local swamp. I was instantly hooked on water flossing. Now I use it every day and my mouth is as clean and fresh as a springtime rose. It's so clean I could... um... eat with it. I mix about 3/4 warm water with 1/4 fluoride mouth wash for that fresh-from-the-dentist-but-no-copay kind of clean feeling. There are, however, a few caveats to this goofy contraption:1) Whatever you do, DON'T be a hero! Don't set it to maximum power the first time you use it. I did, and had sore gums for days afterward. Trust me - the pump on this thing will peel paint at 50 paces. Start with the lowest setting and work your way up as your gums get stronger and healthier.2) The whole reservoir on the top idea... seriously? It becomes very top heavy and leaks a little around the gasket every time you put it on or take it off. What's more, they expect you to stand the wand up inside this little recess in the reservoir when not in use. Problem is, the wand is just as tall as the recess, so you're constantly bumping it when putting it in and out, all the while thinking that this is the dumbest design since the inflatable pincushion.3) Use warm water - especially if you have sensitive teeth! I probably won't need to tell you twice because the first time you use cold water, you'll howl like an enraged baboon.4) I used the tongue scraper once. Once! If you want some idea of what waterboarding feels like, try the tongue scraper. I think the US government could save a lot on implements of torture and interrogation by stocking up on Waterpik tongue scrapers.5) Loud? Yeah, it's loud, but I grew up around farm machinery, so I'm used to it. The sound of an antique tractor brings back fond memories for me. Close your eyes and picture a pre-WWI J.I. Case steam tractor pulling a 6-bottom plough through the mud and you'll have some idea of what the Waterpik Water Flosser sounds like.6) The hose is very stiff, wound in a coil, and wants stubbornly to stay that way. Any effort to straighten it will result in a machine-gun like staccato of water spurting all around the bathroom and all over you as you try to regain control of the wand. Six months or so of streaked mirrors, wet pants, and being shot in the eye have informed me that resistance is futile. Just get the unit as close to the sink and your head as possible, so that the hose never needs to stretch, and everyone will go home happy.Sometimes I feel like a freak, huddled over the sink, a loud buzzing in my ear, and water pouring out of my mouth. But no matter how loud, messy, wet, and weird it can be, just remember one thing... it still beats flossing.  