review/text: I like this product. Let me first start by saying that I do not think this is "the BEST" protein product ever. However, I've tried many protein products and this comes rather close.In my honest opinion, "the BEST" protein product out there would have to be "Profect" by Protica Research. It's actually the stuff used by gastric bypass patients. It's 25 grams of high-absorb protein in only 2.7 fluid oz that literally tastes like fruit candy. But, it's way too expensive and a two-months supply can set you back a couple of hundred bucks easily. Because of this, it's better suited strictly toward its medical purposes.This product is also not the "most cost-effective". There are plenty of other whey products out there that are much much cheaper and have just as much protein content, but they all pretty much taste like doo doo. What's the point in torturing yourself to save a few bucks? Cost is definitely an important factor, but not the most important.Apart from all of the hype and apart from all of the hate, I would say that I really do like this product. It tasted a bit gross with just plain water, but when I added it to a cup of enriched soymilk, I couldn't tell the difference between it and a regular kid's chocolate milk shake. That is amazing. And this product did mix pretty well. I usually have problems with that when it comes to powdered shakes and it's always great when you can get a shake that doesn't just sit on the bottom of the cup and cement while everything else just floats to the top. I even added a serving of Benefiber fiber supplement, and it still didn't clump up.One problem that I have with this product is that it does use artificial sweeteners, but I'll let that slide for now, since I don't intake too many products with them anyway. Still, it is a cause for concern for those you who want to avoid such things in your diet entirely.Overall, 4 of of 5 stars. I'm pleased but not impressed. This product is definitely one of the superior brands out there but most definitely not a "gold standard". A lot could be done to improve it.  