review/text: I'm a Massage Therapist and can appreciate receiving massage. The massage action is poor. It has weak action...5 weak motors. The 5 motors were a selling point for me. I thought the massage would be "some kind of good". It's not. The portable insert pads that you place in your existing chair are more effective than this one. The seat is adjustable and if you adjust to full height, it really tilts forward on it's axis. You feel like you're going to slide, right out of it. The tilt lock feature doesn't work in my chair. It feels more secure at it's lowest level, but too low to feel comfortable at the desk. It has a cordless feature, but you have to charge for 10 hours before you can initially use. Subsequent charging takes too long...a few hours.It's not worth the money. This is vinyl and a thin vinyl. The arm rest are skimpy and uncomfortable and slide downward. The seat of this chair is very uncomfortable. There are motors located in the seat. You can feel the motor's hardware poking into your thighs...even when not in use. The overall chair is very skimp and poorly constructed.The maker, Comfort Products, has absolutely terrible customer service. If you should need assistance "while assembling", you won't get it from this manufacturer. If you call their help line, you will get a recording, stating they will call you back....within 2 business days...LOL. I called to inquire about the tilt problem. I left 2 messages, before a customer service rep called back. Problem was never fully resolved.I needed a replacement part after 4 months of use. It took appproximately 3 months for me to receive my part and they sent me the wrong part. Also, the cord of my chair caught in the casters and severed. My fault. I paid 18.00 for a replacement and they sent the wrong adapter. I give up. I'm buying another chair. I will never buy from Comfort Products again. Sorry I didn't return...concerned about high shipping cost, but I could have recovered some money if I had.Once you make your purchase and they have your money, they're done dealing with you. The perception is they couldn't care less if you are experiencing problems with the merchandise purchased from them. Once you get frustrated because they are not promptly returning your calls, you may try the phone line they have reserved for vendors. You still won't get through. They will cut the connection and reroute your call to "leave a message". Horrid customer service. Just a terrible company.Save yourself some frustation and money. Poor quality and a bad company to deal with.The "IJOY" chairs have wonderfully effective massage action, excellent quality and durable, but their chairs are much too low to use at a desk. They're rather expensive, too.UPDATE: I threw the chair in the garbarge after approximately 8 months of use. Total waste of my money. I purchased a "Jadwin High Back Massage Chair" from Office Depot..in store. It was 180.00. The chair comes with a limited five year warranty. It's extremely comfortable and well made. The chair's back can be adjusted, too. The massage action is for the thighs to midback...I'm 5'5. The chair has good massage action. The controls allows me to gradually or abruptly go from low to high power.IJOY has the most effective massage action, but this chair has good action and makes a wonderful office or computer chair.  