review/text: I purchased this Eye Mask based on the rating it has. I have two other eye masks and wanted to know what made these so special. I used my masks in the light and they were so, so in keeping the light out and after seeing the ratings and reading the reviews I thought "what is different?" When I received this eye mask I tried it the first night, I had never used an eye mask at night and it was pitch black. I liked the dark because it helped me to focus on sleep when my eyes and mind wandered. Since this first night I have used this eye mask every night. I have had this mask for 6 months now and and it is coming apart and showing how poorly made it is. It is made of two pieces of cloth glued/attached to a light molded foam foundation. The cloth on the face or eye side is now coming loose in the nose area and peeling upward. The elastic which holds the mask in place was snug and held the mask in a comfortable position. Now after six months the mask is loose slides all over my face. It seems like a simple solution to just tighten the elastic but that won't work because the hook and loop of the velcro will not match up. So to tighten the mask the straps need to be removed and replaced with straps with better elastic and new hook and latch.UPDATE 1/22/12I complained I needed another sleep mask and my wife purchased the same one as a gift not realizing it was a problem. So now I have had two of these and my second was worse then the first. The second came apart the same way the first did. Because of the problem I had with the first I watched the second hoping my problem with the first was a fluke. Not only did it come apart just the same I realized something about it as it came apart. As it came apart it started around the outside edges down the nose with the eyes last. I realized the glue/adhesive that molded the mask together broke down with body heat as it was used. The more I wore it the more the mask began to fall apart till it was no longer usable. Look for a different mask and save your money.  