review/text: I began training for a marathon and my shins decided to give me the ever dreaded shin splints. I was very excited to see they had something out there to help relieve my pain so I quickly ordered Shin Ice and in exactly 6 days it arrived on my doorstep. My calves are just about 14" so I ordered Medium. Shin Ice is best described to be a very tight brace/ leg sock that has a just about a 2" wide pack of water covered with a thin fabric that follows the length of the brace/leg sock in the interior of one side. The directions say you have a choice of refrigerating the brace/leg sock for 3-4 hours or keep it in the freezer for 1-2 hours. (I guess it depends on if you want ice or very cold water to be kept on your shin - whatever you're most comfortable with) I decided to keep it in the freezer and in a couple hours it was ready to go. I reccommend leaving it in the fridge/freezer for longer than they say - It comes out much colder that way. Putting it on is difficult. Like an earlier review said the ankle opening is VERY small - and I got a medium! You have to really tug on it to get it past your heel and up onto your ankle. Once it's on it doesn't move or sag which works great because I can just slip it on after the gym and walk/drive home without worrying about it sliding off. Since I kept it in the freezer the little pack of water felt like little ice packs and kept my calves pretty cold for a good 20 minutes. After that it began feeling a little warm and lost its use. The directions that come with the Shin Ice say you should use it 4x a day for 20 minutes so anything after 20 minutes shouldn't matter anyway. Apparently his little thing is also portable - just pack it in a cooler and it keeps cold until ready to use. Overall I'm happy with this purchase and would recommend it to anyone with shin splints or any pain the calves/shin area from running in general. It beats using bags of ice. This company should really consider coming out with another type that has Velcro along the seams so you can just wrap it around your leg - that would be much more convenient to get on and off and I'd take off the fabric from the ice pack so the ice stays colder/frozen longer.  