review/text: This is the perfect toy. If you're afraid that it's too big, don't be. It's a great size that fits snugly and just feels so good. As with any toy, make sure that you're nice and wet first. If you have any trouble there, just read some of these reviews, lol, that did it for me. I always think my own natural juices are a better lube than the fake stuff that comes in a tube but whatever floats your boat.Start slowly and resist the urge to keep upping the intensity. I have to fight that urge every time because this thing gets me on the brink of ecstasy within a couple of minutes if I don't hold back a little. And I find that when I take my time, the orgasms (yes, that's plural) are just that much more intense.This literally makes me cum harder and faster than anything else I've ever used, including a real penis. Sorry honey, but your sexy cock just can't vibrate like this and it doesn't have a clit kisser either. Not that the rabbit will ever replace the real thing but if you've ever been frustrated with your orgasms - either the time it takes to get there or the ho-hum aspect of them - give this toy a try.The fun part of getting a new toy is finding just the right balance and spots for ultimate pleasure. I find that if I pull up on my labia just a little bit, it stretches my clit up just a fraction and produces even more friction and contact. I'm telling you, it is the most amazing feeling. Once I really get going and am super horny and ready to cum, I allow the "cock" to rotate in my pussy at the same time that the small buzzing "lips" are fluttering against my clit and then I begin thrusting it in and out of my pussy. The combination of the rotating inside, the clit-buzzing outside and the ever increasing thrusting in and out results in a mind blowing orgasm. You WILL cum with this toy.I can either take my time and end up begging to finally be sent over the edge or I can go for a quickie and literally cum hard and fast within a minute or two.Do not hesitate, buy this toy and get ready to have the best orgasms of your life.  