review/text: Don't be fooled by posts from those needing just a beard trimmer. Listen to those who really SHAVE with this razor.My previous Braun razors were all great. When the foil hit your face - you knew hair was really being cut. Not so the Cruzer.This razor's foil has woefully tiny holes - all arranged in a spoke-wheel pattern - which actually prevents hair from being properly channeled into the blades.I first thought the foil head wasn't seated properly. It was - to my disappointment. Then I tried shaving with water & gels - with only minor improvement. After shaving 3 times longer than necessary, I finally got a mediocre shave (and a nice skin rash the following day).Braun's vaunted foil-design fails in spades - and my beard just isn't that tough.Don't get me wrong, no electric razor shaves like a blade - but come on.I tried sending my concerns to Braun on their website which is complete with slick videos but with little functionality for speaking directly to "Star Base Command". Sort of like their recent products, flashy and colorful but unresponsive. So here I am on Amazon.com.As an ex manufacturing engineer - I feel this is just plain old marketing dept interference with engineering, or simply engineers intoxicated by their own design philosophy. Probably a bit of both.I loved my old Braun razors, but this just isn't the same company anymore.Braun needs to get back to basics. Had their engineers used this product at home for a few weeks before committing to the design, they would have spotted this turkey in a minute.This problem spans ALL their shavers using this flawed foil pattern, so don't be tempted to buy the next model up ($$$) unless it has a totally different design. It won't help.Braun can EASILY FIX this by offering a replacement foil with a REDESIGNED pattern at nominal cost WITHOUT REPLACING THE WHOLE RAZOR. You'd just snap it on - and be out of the woods. But since they seem beyond the reach of customer feedback and will never see this message - you'll be looking like you just came out of the woods for some time to come.Which brings me to my second gripe - Braun is FAMOUS for changing its razor designs so frequently - that you never know what you're getting into when you trade up. They're losing their audience - and loyal customers are going elsewhere.The boys in marketing strike again.Rob in Riyadh.  