review/text: I got a pair of these very same Herbal Concept slippers about 4 years ago for Christmas. I agree that they are a true godsend when winter cold seems to inhabit our footsies and chill them. If you are someone that suffers from chronically cold feet, than you know that no amount of blankets, wrapping, or swearing at them will perform the miracle that genuine heat will do. These slippers lasted me for quite a while, and I was appreciative of the gift. However they did not last as long with me as perhaps some of the others here for I am admittedly lazier than most and refused to take them off every time I had to get up. Walking with any of these kind of slippers is an art that like anything else must be practiced and learned, but it is manageable. Just remember that whether you get right competent in walking with them like I did, or just stumble on down the hall here and there, be aware you will wear them out that much faster as I did. So unless you're either as lazy as me, I would not recommend walking in any of these slippers. I had to sadly part with mine just over a year ago.Though I have fond memories of my Herbal Concepts, I have to find myself recommending the cheaper, and in my opinion just as quality built pair of Carex Bed Buddies that I now own. I bought the Bed Buddies at a local mall here over a year ago for less than half the price of the name brand Herbal Concepts. In my opinion, they are just as comfortable, just as well made, and warm up the very same way that the Herbal brand does. Both of these type of slippers have a bag of beads that are very heat sensitive in the heel. You peel back the velcro strips holding in the bags and tuck them into your microwave for a couple of minutes. The beads soak up heat like a sponge and hold it for well over an hour. After owning the bed buddies for a year now, I have to say that they are every bit as good at what they are designed for as the much more expensive herbal concepts. Its my recommendation that if you are in the market for such a pair of snuggies for your feet, that you follow the link enclosed and at least check out the bed buddies.Remember that I have owned them both. And I feel you can save a lot and still have the warmest tootsies around by avoiding the famous name brand featured here...Carex Bed Buddy Warming Footies  