review/text: So, I'm 22 and I've only ever used electric shavers which means I can't compare it against a regular shave, but I'll go ahead and write this review against the few other electric shavers I've used. Of the last few razors I've used this one blows the other two out of the water; the first razor was a philips rechargeable with a cord, and the results weren't great but it did well enough for my use, and the second one was a Remington cord only razor. The philips razor was no longer usable when its battery died, having the cord connected to it was pointless when its battery died, and so after a year or two I ended up having to replace it. It had very visible signs it was going to die before it did which included noticeably slower rpms and an even more noticeable poor job at shaving.Both the philips and the Remington were rotary shavers. I bought a cord only Remington shaver when the philips ran out and I'd been using it for a few months prior to this Wahl razor. It definitely worked better than the philips for the few weeks before it ran out but it never really impressed me. Prior to getting this razor I had looked up the general differences between a rotary and foil electric razor. Can't remember the site but one of them outlined that a rotary razor is good for larger jobs with few and far between uses but not so great for daily shaves; then it went on to say that a foil razor is better for daily uses because they get closer shaves but require more maintenance cleaning. I'm one of those blonds that can't really grow large amounts of facial hair, the most I ever grow above my lip is a few small hairs and my neck and face hair is pretty crowded together but even after weeks of leaving it alone it would only produce hairs at max a quarter of an inch long which never really looked like a beard.This was the foil razor I decided on because every foil razor &lt; $40 had poor ratings. I got this as a Christmas present and, the first few times I used it, I could tell it was a little better shave than the old Remington but not as great as I'd hoped for. I've been experimenting every day with the three different heads, using the trimmer before and after the shave, but the third thing I tried today works really well. With the different heads I couldn't tell a difference between the shaves at all but using the trimmer before and/or after shaving did make any left over individual hairs a good deal less noticeable while not being gone.On my old rotary razors when I would try to go over my neck and face with different stroke patterns it never made a difference in the end result so it's taken me a while to stumble onto this method. I had been using this foil razor in only a downward or upward vertical stroke pattern and doing this several times over would not get rid of the stray hairs. But when I finally decided to try running the head of the razor horizontally across my face and neck, every last hair disappeared. My newly established ritual that works well for me is: to use the popup trimmer to trim all the hairs down first, then run the razor with the 'close' head up and down my face and neck vertically once or maybe twice, and finally I run the razor across my neck and face horizontally once or maybe twice. When I looked in the mirror the first time I'd finished this pattern I couldn't tell I ever had hair on my face or neck to begin with.I haven't used the personal trimmer yet but I'm sure I will eventually. I've been meaning to get one because a couple of people have said before that I have some noticeable nose hairs sticking out.  