review/text: The original, authentic TAHITIAN NONI Juice.DescriptionTraditional Uses:Native Polynesian healers tell of the innumerable uses of noni. This mystifying fruit was their secret to living a strong and healthy life. Traditionally, the fruit was used as a balancing agent to stabilize the body, restore health, and sustain overall well-being. TAHITIAN NONI Juice represents the purest spirit of the tradition, culture, and heritage of French Polynesia.Features and Benefits:All the ingredients in TAHITIAN NONI Juice are 100% natural. The juice today is made just like it was by ancient Tahitians from pure, natural noni fruit puree-not powders.TAHITIAN NONI Juice helps bring balance and energy to your body. You'll experience a number of benefits:Immune system. TAHITIAN NONI Juice supports the immune system's natural ability to fight disease and infection.Powerful Antioxidants. The juice contains superior antioxidants that help rid the body of harmful free radicals.Energy. TAHITIAN NONI Juice helps increase the body's energy and physical performance levels.TAHITIAN NONI Juice is uniquely flavored with the powerful antioxidants of natural blueberry and grape juice. These juices work synergistically with pure noni to provide the perfect health-balancing product.Our proprietary production and flavoring processes ensure that all the beneficial properties of the noni fruit are optimized in every bottle.TAHITIAN NONI Juice is impossible to duplicate. Our process-which includes harvesting techniques, quality assurance that begins in the field, extraction and stabilization procedures, custom equipment, and packaging techniques-is proprietary and absolutely exclusive.Recommended Serving Size: 1 FL. OZ./30 mL daily. Preferably before meals.Label Information:SIZE: 1.06 quart (1 liter) glass bottleServing Size: 1 fluid ounce (30ml)Servings per Container: 33Country: USAAmount Per Serving %DVCalories 10Total Carbohydrate 3 g. 1%Sugars 2 g. n/aVitamin C10%Iron2%Ingredients:Noni Fruit Juice from Pure Juice Puree from French Polynesia, Natural Grape Juice Concentrate, Natural Blueberry Juice Concentrate, and Natural Flavors.Not made from dried or powdered noni.  