review/text: You need magnesium to be able to absorb any form of calcium. This powder takes care of that issue. However, if high doses of magnesium give you diarrhea like they do me, it is possible that this product by itself would not be right for you.Calcium citrate is supposed to be more easily absorbed by the body than the calcium carbonate found in the majority of over the counter calcium supplements. What is so nice about the pure powder is that it is "one less pill" (or 3 or 4 less) to swallow. It mixes easily into juice, tea, soup, cereal and other wet/moist foods and drinks. It does NOT mix easily into a thick milkshake type smoothie. It turns clear liquids cloudy and settles out if you let it sit for some time.The trick is to remember to measure it out and mix it in!!!Keep in mind that you won't absorb any form of calcium if you don't have the proper combination of magnesium, zinc, Vitamins A and D3. The ideal thing is to get all of your nutritional needs from whole food, not from supplements. Sometimes this is not possible for various reasons, and it is good to know what is in everything you "take" including the foods you eat.It is a good idea to get professional assistance in the form of testing to find out what supplements you really need. And, if you are taking one supplement you need to do a bit of research to make sure you are getting the proper balance of other things that are needed for your body to use that supplement so you are not throwing your money out the window.I believe this calcium magnesium citrate is sourced from corn, although I have not contacted the NOW company to specifically ask that question. In any case, it gives me diarrhea - as does anything else made from corn. It doesn't bother my husband. You need to know your own body and what you can and can't tolerate.As one other reviewer pointed out: This product is NOT GMO free. I ordered it because I wanted a calcium magnesium blend powder that I could use instead of taking 4 to 6 more pills a day and wasn't thinking about what it was made from. My mistake. I will not be reordering this product. Somehow and somewhere I will find a healthy form of calcium that is certified non-GMO.  