review/text: I'm a Scuba Instructor, Emergency First Response Instructor (CPR/First Aid), and my wife is a Internal Medicine doctor and ACLS instructor. I was looking for a decent first aid kit to keep in my truck for shore diving with friends. We keep a more extensive first aid kit with oxygen on our shop truck and boat, but I wanted something for my fun dives.This kit met most of my requirements for a little more than the basics, but wasn't going to break the bank or take up too much space. I specifically wanted a kit with an irrigation syringe, EMT shears and a CPR face shield. This kit was the smallest that met those requirements, and I was impressed with the other materials included.The pros:*good mix of bandages from simple band-aids, to butterflies and 4X4s.*decent mix of medications. Probably worth adding some additional units of the most common (aspirin/tylenol, decongestant, benadryl)*wraps, bandages, duct tape for immobilization/splints*well laid out package with clear labels for types of materials included in each sub-pouch*extra room in the kit for adding your own supplementsThe cons:***The included book is several years out of date and doesn't reflect the most recent changes to CPR guidelines. The three pages on dive injuries and pretty poor and even have some inaccuracies. Even some of the first aid guidelines have changed, and includes no mention of AEDs. While AEDs are not likely to be found in the wilderness, they are becoming widespread in general society.** The EMT shears are small and weak, not necessarily up to the task of cutting through 3 or 5mm wetsuits. Not sure if they would cut through tough denim either.General recommendations for additions (not specific to diving)-better EMT shears.-anti-diahreal tablets-extra aspirin/tylenol-extra decongestant-extra nitrile gloves-small pack of wetwipes-small bottle of hand sanitizer (unscented, highest percentage alcohol possible)If you want to use this for diving/beach:-small bottle of vinegar/acetic acid (for jellyfish sting)-seasickness pillsOverall, I still recommend this kit. The book was a disappointment, but as an EFR instructor, I wasn't relying on it to teach me much. Most of the equipment (except shears) are pretty good quality. It is small enough to tuck into one of the storage compartments in my truck.  