review/text: I have been using these G-U-M Soft Picks for about 6 months now. They feel really good against the gums, not as abrasive and hurtful as some other picks out there. I've tried many others including Stim-U-Dent and the ever popular Doctor's Brush Picks which are also available on Amazon. I found those to be very stiff and hard against my gums and they felt like you could literally do some damage if used incorrectly. These by comparison feel better, but also seem to do the job better as well. I have both small tight gaps as well as larger gaps between my teeth. These work well in all of them. I particularly like the way they work in-between the back molars. I sometimes will floss and then use the soft pick and am still able to get out other small particles of food. I find that you will need two of them to finish the job in the mouth. One for the upper teeth and one for the lower teeth. What happens is that sometimes when you are using them in the back molars, the tip will bend and once that happens it is hard to use it anymore, so I always start with the front teeth and then move towards the back. I've noticed that because these actually have tiny little rubber brushes on them, that my gums feel squeaky clean after using them, much cleaner than if I'd just used floss. As they say, the proof is in the pudding: My last visit to the hygienist was the best I've ever had. She wanted to know what I had been doing as the deep pockets in my gums had significantly improved. About 5 years ago I had to go through the painful process of a deep cleaning where they have to numb a quarter of your mouth at a time so that they can clean below the gum line in an attempt to help improve the size of the pockets in the gums surrounding the teeth. This is a laborious process that took four visits to the dentist. Trust me, it's better to not have to get to the point where this is needed! The improvement from the deep cleaning was good, but not nearly as good and as easy as the improvement that was quickly achieved through my using these Soft Picks.  