review/text: I had to get medical therapy to increase my milk supply for twins. Fenugreek was prescribed and it made a huge difference. Based on what the doctor told me you can try the following if you have twins or simply need to increase your milk supply:* Fenugreek is very helpful, 2 capsules three times a day with meals, eventually working your way up to 4 capsules per meal. The body gets used to it after a while so the doctor suggested going off it for a couple of days and restarting.* Nurse 8-12x a day, putting each baby to breast until they empty it (do not time it) - the baby is much more effective than the pump at drawing the milk out than even a hospital pump, and will help increase your supply. In effect, interrupting the feeding could be counterproductive.* You can decrease the # of sessions if the amount pumped is more than 1000 ml/ 24 hrs (try pumping instead of nursing for one day to measure). You can also try weighing the baby to calculate intake, using a baby scale in grams (same as mls for calculating) such as theSalter 914 Electronic Baby and Toddler Scale.* Alternate sides for the babies, as one may have a stronger suck. It's possible one side will have a lot more milk than another. How you hold the baby also affects supply - if you're right handed that side will hold the baby more firmly and they may nurse longer and increase supply more on that side. All normal.* After breastfeeding the baby, pump but only for 5 minutes or so to increase demand on your body and thus milk production. Frequency is much more important than duration. Pumping for 20 min has little effect according to the doctor (I know, "now I find out?!" that's what I said)* If you have twins, read the bookMothering Multiples: Breastfeeding and Caring for Twins or More! (La Leche League International Book)by Karen Kerkhoff Gromada. I wish I had read this early on. It provides solid advice on breastfeeding multiples plus a whole lot more up to 2 yrs of age.* Try to eat well and sleep at least 6 hrs. Your milk production is directly related to your health and stress levels.* If you're able to breastfeed exclusively great but if you can't don't beat yourself up over it it's Ok to supplement (we used Enfacare as my babies were low weight, then Enfamil Premium for one and Alimentum for our other). You have a lot on your hands to worry about.* Don't try to do all feedings alone, you'll go crazy. Have your hubby do the last feeding of the night 10 or 11 pm and the early morning one (6 or 7 am) - you do the ones in between. This way, you'll each get a solid chunk of sleep. The one who's not "on shift" stays in the quiet bedroom without a monitor but with a cell phone. We had an extra bed in the nursery so it would be easier to nurse the babies - if I needed help (two babies crying at the same time or you're too tired) I'd call my hubby on the cell phone, but this rarely happens if you stage feedings (always feed twin A first for example). My hubby comes in at 6 am or whenever and quietly feeds the babies before they wake up so I can sleep until 8 or so.* I kept my energy and supply up withEnsure Plus - Vanillaand oatmeal.* Google "manual expression Stanford University", the video shows how to increase your milk supply significantly using manual expression. It works better than any other method even if it feels unusual.* If you do supplement and trying to increase breastfeeding, don't stop bottle feeding cold turkey (you may not have enough milk supply as supplementing may lower supply). Continue to supplement and give 1 oz or so BEFORE starting to nurse. The reason for this is that bottlefed babies are used to a faster flow and ready supply, with nursing it takes longer for the milk to let down. Giving the bottle-fed baby some formula before nursing will take the edge off his hunger and keep him from "chomping away at the bit" if you will - in other words it will calm him down and make the nursing experience more relaxing for mom & baby and allow baby to nurse longer.* Try a brief warm shower or use warm compresses (try putting warm water in a diaper) before nursing to stimulate milk let down.* Keep your eyes off the clock. Another reason to not interrupt or time breast feeding - the hind milk that lets down after the baby has been nursing a while is richer and higher in fat, more satisfying for the baby. If you stop after "X" minutes you may not get the hind milk.* Continue nursing 8-12x a day - don't wait too long before feedings (4+ hrs), any sign of engorgement is letting your body know there's less supply and will reduce milk production. Nursing every 2-3 hours is better, allow a stretch of 4 hours early in your sleeping cycle to feel better rested (have your hubby feed baby late at night).* Pump for a few minutes each time you nurse to simulate increased demand and boost milk production. Manual milk expression and fenugreek will also help and over time you'll need to supplement less as your milk production increases.* Don't do marathon pumping. As soon as you start feeling stressed or find yourself wondering how many ounces you've pumping, etc. you're overthinking things and this will affect your milk supply. Stop for a few minutes and go do something else. Then pump a little more. You can leave it out while pumping for the next feeding following guidelines below. If you wait 15-30 min or so, it counts as an additional pumping session (if you're trying to fit more in).* Pumping is not always a good indicator of your real milk supply (some women may not be able to pump much but nurse well) - a baby scale is the most accurate measurement if you really want to know (don't stress this too much, just nurse until baby seems full).* Feed on demand and expect cluster feeding (every 1-2 hrs) at the witching hour and just before a growth spurt.* For me at least I always had to supplement with twins because I never had enough milk for two. I did see a huge increase in my milk supply from very little to being able to nurse one baby full time for a while. Fenugreek was a HUGE help.Lastly, this tip from a sleep doctor - to handle sleep deprivation log how many hours total you slept at night (even if interrupted), find the midway point and add 12 hours. Try to take a 30-60 minute nap then, this is your natural down-time according to your inner clock and will be much better than trying to catch up on sleep on the weekends (example - slept 12am -6 am, midway point is 3 am add 12 hrs - try to nap @ 3 pm.) Keep a log of how long you sleep each time - always try to get at least 6 hrs.With Fenugreek, enough sleep, a good diet and the tips above, your milk supply should increase.  