review/text: I just got one of these chairs (AG-3001). It seems to be well made, and is decent looking for the price. I think the massaging action could be very relaxing.However, I have a major problem with the chair. I am maybe slightly above average height for a man (6'0" tall, 32" inseam). When I recline in the chair, the end of the footrest barely reaches past my knees. My feet just sort of hang down putting uncomfortable pressure on the back of my upper calves. I have sat in several other recliners, and never had this problem.Also, when the power is turned off so that the shiatsu mechanism is no longer running, the mechanism comes to rest in your upper back. The little balls still stick out into your back. It's not unbearable, but it seems like they should come to rest in an unobtrusive position so that this chair could be more comfortable for normal seating.Update: I reported my problem with the product to the manufacturer, Homedics, and asked if it was possible to adjust their product to fit me. Their resonse: "Thank you for your email. We are sorry to hear this. Unfortunately, there is no way to adjust our Antigravity Chairs to accomodate your height. The maximum the chair is designed for is a 6 foot tall person and has a 300 lb capacity (or less)." [Minor point: Doesn't "capacity" by itself imply a weak inequality?]Maybe I missed it, but I did not see any weight or height restrictions on their website, or on any retailers' websites. I guess this is a gray area, but I wouldn't expect a warning that a chair was not appropriate for someone 7'6", but it seems odd to me to design and sell a chair that is not fit for people who are just 6'0" tall, or at least not to warn people of the limitations. I have seen statistics indicating that roughly 40% of American men are above 6'0".I am astounded that the manufacturer knows these limitations and does not report them anywhere that I can see. When I tried to post reviews on the Homedics webpage warning people about these limitations on two occasions, the reviews were rejected by the editors of the website.If I was 5'6", this would probably be a nice chair, but I'm not, and I'm pretty frustrated with Homedics for not making the limitations of the product public. The obvious lesson to me is that I should sit in a chair before buying it, which seems pretty obvious, so in retrospect, I mainly have myself to blame for this purchase. I do think Homedics should advertise the limitations that they so readily admitted in their email to me.  