review/text: Take any positive reviews of this product with a huge grain of salt!It's amazing that people are suckered into buying this product. The active ingredients listed on the package are &quot;Anas Barbariae Hepatis Et Cordis Extractum 200 CK HPUS&quot; For most folks unfamiliar with Latin, that sounds like it's gotta be some miracle drug, right? Here's the true story.Since 1925, Oscillococcinum has been prepared as follows. Into a one litre bottle, a mixture of pancreatic juice and glucose is poured. Next a Barbary duck (that's the &quot;Anas Barbariae&quot;) is decapitated and 35 grams of its liver and 15 grams of its heart are put into the bottle (that's the &quot;Hepatis Et Cordis&quot;). After 40 days in the sterile bottle, liver and heart disintegrate into a kind of goo, which is then diluted with water into the entire world production of Oscillococcinum for the year.There's no logical reason to believe that anything in duck liver or heart will be an effective flu remedy. But even if there were some magic substance, the manufacturing process guarantees that it will not be in the finished product. The laws of chemistry indicate that after the 12th dilution, it is unlikely that a single molecule from the original organs will remain. Moreover, at the dilutions that Boiron indicates on their packaging (that's the &quot;200 CK HPUS&quot; part) the concentration of the original substance would be 1 part in 100^200, which is a 1 followed by 400 zeroes. A 1 followed by 100 zeroes is called a googol. The estimated number of particles in the universe that we can see is a googol, give or take a few zeroes. So in order for one of the original duck molecules to be present in a container of Oscillococcinum, the mass of that container would have to be about a googol googol googol times our world, which would be incomprehensibly larger than the visible universe.A little research is all it takes to discover that there isn't a SINGLE reputable scientific study demonstrating the efficacy of this product. And even assuming that the &quot;active ingredients&quot; (duck heart and liver) have any effect on the flu, remember that by spending your $16 on a container of goose liver pate and crackers, you'll be getting a dose of duck organs that's billions of times stronger than what goes into this so-called &quot;drug&quot;. All things considered, your money is better invested in a flu shot BEFORE flu season starts.  