review/text: I am really happy with this product. The B&D; HV9010P proves for hand-held vacuum cleaners what I learned a decade ago about power drills: Corded trumps cordless in most situations, for two reasons: Power, and Longevity. With a wall socket as your power source, you know it: (1) will have enough power to perform the task, (2) won't conk out in the middle of your job, and (3) will not be guaranteed to die in a couple of years after the Li battery reaches its end of life.POWER: I've had several cordless Dustbusters in the past, and they always disappointed because (a) the battery-driven model can never match the consistent availability of power afforded by a wall socket, and (b) eventually, no matter how nice you are to your rechargeable model, eventually, the battery craps out. (You go to the store for a replacement battery and they tell you, "Nope, just buy another one.")This is my first corded hand vac, and upon first usage in my parrot's wooden hutch, I noticed immediately the abundant power. This sucker (pun intended) really works!! Parrot feathers can be a challenge to battery/rechargeable vacs because with insufficient power they tend to clog up the intake area. This B&D; HV9010P did an amazing job with both the feathers, and the abundant, coarse-grained sawdust (created as my parrot methodically chews the wood inside the hutch). Once I saw how this corded vacuum performed, I tossed out my ailing, aging rechargeable model that barely held a charge long enough to vacuum up anything.As I said above, I learned this lesson years ago with power drills: After seeing a handful of the cordless/rechargeable units become useless with finite-lifetime Li batteries, and watching them struggle to turn a screw without running out of power. Once I switched to corded drills, I never went back. I have had the same drill for eight years, and it's still going strong. I hope my new vacuum lasts as long.USAGE: The 20-foot cord is more than long enough to walk around my bedroom-sized wood shop. So I don't feel the loss of cordless "convenience". Especially, given the factors above (power, and longevity).MAINTENANCE: The air filter is really easy to clean. Pop open the unit, and there's a plastic grill protecting the filter cone. Pull off the plastic grill and just bang both the grill and the filter cone into your garbage can. (I have a nice metal can in my wood shop, so that works just fine.)I give this product five stars.  