review/text: I've had a few rabbit-type toys over the years and really love them overall. Thank goodness this was not the first one I ever got or I might not have tried again.What attracted me was that it is waterproof which has been an occasional lifesaver for shower time. I would normally not want the controls on the base though so I really don't want to even look at this option if I'm anywhere dry. I find it awkward to have to reach like that when adjustment is needed on intensity/speed. I also notice that the weight of the batteries at the base of the device requires more attention from me to keep the fun where it needs to be. In my other rabbits, having the control and battery pack as a separated portion allows me to easily and naturally deal with any sudden need to change the action in a comfortable position. It also makes the business end easier to handle, prop,maneuver, etc since it doesn't have all the extra baggage and weight at the base.The girth is a bit gluttonous for my tastes but it's not unmanageable. The beads inside look and sound a bit too scary and have not actually felt worthwhile to me. The ability to change direction has no appeal for me either but perhaps if someone is using the tip of the shaft for some foreplay this could be useful. I don't find it to be soft enough or set for a proper path to make that interesting with this device though. Other rabbits of more modest size have definitely delivered larger return though.The ears are too stiff and sometimes can hurt if not careful. ...and really, how careful can you remain when you are trying to let go and "enjoy?" For me, perhaps it's a YMMV thing, the ears also don't naturally land where they should when the other business aspect is where it needs to be. This requires some odd posturing and holding but it can be done to the desired end result. I have to emphasize that even when that result is achieved, my other rabbits give a higher quality reward and often in less time unless I purposely played it to last longer.Out of the package, the smell was really strong and surprised me since I had never noticed this in others I've gotten. It did not fade quickly in spite of repeated washing and even now it still smells "industrial."I would not buy this model again so hopefully I'll find a better waterproof rabbit option next time.  