review/text: I bought the predecessor to this beard trimmer more than three years ago, and loved it. After carelessly dropping my old one I broke it, and am back for another.Pros:* Scrolling wheel height adjustment.----> A very nice feature, the height holds well, unlike some trimmers. You can use pressure against your face and it won't retreat to a shorter height setting that creates a thin spot.----> After only two or three times, you will know how high you want it. For example, I always trim my beard on a "6" and my mustache on a "4"* Removable head to trim beard edges.* Strong motor/ blades provide pain-free trim.* Holds its charge for a long time. (I charge it full before I travel, and don't even bother packing the charger, because I trust it to function the whole week.)* Shaver head lifts easily to remove stray hair that gets into the motor area.* Cordless -> To avoid having to clean the bathroom after a big trim, (If I didn't trim for a week or so) I will take it in the back yard and set it 1 setting higher ("7" instead of "6"). Then I give it a quick hit to get rid of the long hair, and then return to the bathroom to finish the detail work.Cons:* It will need a place to lay flat, or a pouch to hang in. It doesn't stand on end, and the charger unit plugs into the base (at the bottom end of the demo picture).* I did mention I broke my old one. I had removed the height guard, and was emptying the hair from under the shaver head. The pivot is plastic, and while I had it open, I dropped the shaver. It landed head down (of course) and the pivot broke. Totally user error, but it is a weak spot.----------Final Thoughts:I love this thing. It provides a quick clean trim. I would say that it usually takes no less than 3 minutes for a quick trim, maybe as long as 8-10 minutes if I am going to detail the edges after a month of quick trims.I highlighted some cons for a fair review, but I have nothing against this razor. It trimmed well for three years, and was still holding a charge for weeks when I broke it.(I liked it even more after trying theRemington PG350 Precision Deluxe Rechargeable Personal Grooming Kit. I bought that quick because I needed a trim, and it confirmed how well this razor worked, and shaped my thoughts for this review. To compare to a bad item, check my review of that item.)  