review/text: This is probably the worst Waterpik Flosser I have ever bought, and so poorly made that it is greatly overpriced. I had a Waterpik Flosser for many years without a problem, using it daily. Recently its hose was so old and worn that it cracked in places and leaked badly, but it didn't owe me a dime; I think I've had it for more than 10 years, so I bought this new flosser. Here are my cons:1. The water container is topless. When you have finished using the flosser you are forced to leave the water tub open to dust, dirt, etc. because no cover was provided.2. Maneuvering the water container on top of the assembly so that it is tightly in place at the fitting where the water runs through is so difficult to do that I wanted to give up on the whole task. I had to struggle with it to push it down enough times so that it finally seated well enough that after turning the switch on, some water was able to come through the hand flosser tool.3. The whole assembly is very flimsy. I cannot imagine that it will last anywhere as long as my previous sturdy Waterpik Flosser. The water tub does not fit onto the bottom assembly firmly at all, and everything else kind of teeters.4. When you are finished using the flosser, you have to leave the entire assembly uncovered (since there is no cover) , otherwise you have to remove the empty (I don't leave warm water in the tub) tub and perhaps turn it upside down over the assembly over which it does not rest squarely, or store it elsewhere, or cover it with a towel , or whatever. It's a pain. Then of course when you go to use it the next time, you have to struggle to get the tub seated firmly over the little water outlet again and again.5. My previous Waterpik had a nice sturdy cover with a little lidded insert in which a number of extra tools could be stored. This one has some apertures that you can place the tool heads in, but they fall out easily. On my previous Waterpik I never needed to cover the tub at all, since after I emptied it, it had its own well-fitting cover.6. The whole thing tips over easily. I have it on my vanity counter, off to the side, but if I happen to bump it with my arm, it tips over.This purchase was an absolute disappointment. I actually have no pros for this, except that once you get it working, it does the intended job, but by the time I get to that part, the air is pretty blue.  