review/text: I guess if you had someone who knew what they were doing take the measurements with this unit, you'd get fairly accurate and consistent results. But if you're like me and most people, you're not a professional at using calipers. Moreover, taking three measurements on yourself, especially if you're a woman, is truly a challenge.The first day I got this, I took numerous measurements --- usually three at a time as that's recommended with any calipers. I read the instructions carefully and watched some videos. That didn't make me an expert but it helped.With my Accur- Measure Fitness 3000, I've gotten a consistent 20.7% body fat reading. So, I expected to get around that with these calipers. However, I knew too that since I'd be measuring three places, not one, the measurement would likely be somewhat different.Well, the first readings were 24.1, 24.1 and 23.7 --- all very close. But then I got 22.4, 18.3 and 20.7. Next time I got 21.4, 23.1 and 24.7. Next reading was 22.6, 22.7 and 21.7. This morning I got 21.4. Now if you add all those together and average them, it comes to 22.4.So are these numbers useful in that they're all, for the most part, different? Yes. I know that for my sex and age, I'm very fit - regardless of which number may actually be correct. Do I know my exact body fat measurement? No. But, I only need to know if I'm fit and, if so, how fit.I wanted these calipers because using the Accur-Measure Fitness 3000, while easy to use and accurate, they really hurt when I pinched my skin. The digital calipers do not hurt at all and you simply hear a beep when the measurement is taken and you press a button to record it. After you take three measurements, you get your body fat. If you opt to do that three times, you can average it if you like.Now it's impossible to measure your tricep the way they tell you to. So I put the calipers in my left hand and use the calipers to pull the skin and take the measurement. That's technically not the way to do it but it's the only possible way for one woman to take her own measurement. The other two measurements are easy to take.The software that comes with this is ok. Nothing special but decent and will keep a record for you.It is annoying that you don't get consistent readings with this unit. But the same is true with body fat scales and other measurement devices. In my opinion, it gives you a very good idea of what your body fat is. No, you won't know the exact number but few of us need that number.Recommended.-- Susanna K. Hutcheson  