review/text: If you're looking for an all-natural protein powder, and savings to boot, consider this product. Wary about taking in so much artificial sweetener and flavors in my old protein powder, I did some extensive research on ingredients and price and settled on this Iron-Tek powder (formerly Country Naturals).Protein blend: This is not a 100% whey protein. As a protein blend, it may take longer to digest. For me, satiety was most important. Keep in mind that there's a lot of hype along with the science of nutrition, and this is very evident in sports nutrition! If you're committed to a 100% whey protein and still want an all-natural product, consider Optimum Nutrition's 100% Whey Gold Standard Natural. You'll pay more for it, naturally. (Pun not intended!)Taste: The vanilla cake flavor is pleasant, rich, and makes a decent-tasting shake with only water. It smells delicious, like cake batter, and even tastes a little like cake batter. It's a little too sweet, to me, but I tend to be sensitive to very sweet-tasting drinks. However, it is sweetened in part with stevia, and has the usual "a little too much stevia" aftertaste. I'm guessing if you're looking for a natural product, you can accept this limitation. The aftertaste is far less noticeable when mixed with a little almond milk, and probably absent completely when blended with fruits. I haven't tried that option, but only because I've been too busy to use the blender. I do use green powder from time to time in my shakes, and the vanilla taste of the Iron-Tek protein stood up nicely to the "green" taste.Mixability: I use a Blender Ball shaker to make my protein shakes. Even with the Blender Ball, the Iron-Tek took a little longer than my 100% whey powder to mix up in water. I found that if I gave it a few shakes, set it in the fridge or on the counter for a few minutes while I got ready to go, then gave it another few shakes, it mixed up fine. A little particulate remained, but nothing to complain about. This is not a gritty product. Likely, mixing it in a blender resolves this issue, and using a thicker carrier like milk might help. Again, I wanted a natural product so I am willing to accept a few niggling inconveniences in exchange for a healthier product.All in all, I recommend this product. It's a great addition to a healthier diet (by "diet" I mean nutritional intake, not food restriction plan). Whether you're heading to the gym, trying to boost your protein protein intake (women and older folks tend to need more than they get from their diet), or want a wholesome base for a tasty smoothie, Iron-Tek Essential Natural High Protein powder in Vanilla Cake flavor is for you.  