review/text: NOTE: This review of the ADC stethoscope is in direct comparison to the Littmann Classic II S.E.I am a Registered Respiratory Therapist working full time in a critical care unit. I rely on my stethoscope as the most important physical tool I have. In a normal shift, I could use it as many as 200+ times over the course of 12 hours. As such, I was hesitant to risk lesser quality. I started with the famous black Littmann Classic II S.E. right out of school. A word of warning, don't hang it over your car mirror if it's hot and sunny. I did this ONCE a long time ago and it made a permanent bend in the tubing, and it did finally break there after 2 years.After reading the reviews on the ADC, I decided to give it a try.The Good:-it is slightly longer than the Littmann, which I appreciate since I've got a large neck.-the build quality, fit and finish seem excellent, on par with Littmann, though I've only had it a month.The Bad:-earpieces are not QUITE as comfortable as the Littmann. Not UNcomfortable, but LESS comfortable.-it seems slightly HEAVIER than the Littmann. Just slightly. I usually don't notice it.-it seems slightly QUIETER than the Littmann. My hospital gets a lot of elderly and overweight people with COPD. A very large person with bad lungs breathing shalowly is not the easiest person to auscultate. With the Littmann, I could hear EVERYTHING I needed to hear. With the ADC, I do feel like everyone sounds slightly more diminished, and from time to time I wonder if those fine inspiratory crackles associated with CHF, or the wheezes of a COPD/asthmatic could be louder if I had my trusty Littmann. I think in the end I will get used to this stethoscope, but I do have to make a conscious effort to get full contact of the diaphragm on the chest, whereas with the Littmann I could even hear great while listening over monitor leads and multiple layers of clothing. That's about what it's like- listening to someone with a sweatshirt on.Overall I am pretty happy with my purchase and would purchase again. I'm confident enough in my assessment skills that the shear volume level of what I hear is less critical than when I was fresh out of school. You sorta develop an ear for hearing what you need to hear over time, so the sounds don't have to JUMP out at you as much. I am also a little careless, and running to code blues every night dropping it, getting it hung on doorways, drenching it in hand sanitizer, stuffing it in my locker... I don't feel I'm careful enough to justify the cost of another Littmann at this time.EDIT: It is now September 2012 and I wanted to update this review to just say that the thing is still going strong with zero issues. I put my old Litman on the other day, the one with the taped up tubing. Gawd, it felt short. That said, I keep it around my house because I've got 3 kids and a wife with a scary mix of asthma and allergies, and it's loud and clear every time. I still feel the same about the ADC today as I did when I first got it. Glad it's long, but do wish it was a hair lighter and a bit louder.  