review/text: So I had surgery right in between my eyes, literally. I had a cyst about the size of a dime in diameter and about a quarter of inch outward from my face - yes I know, it was embarrassing. My dermatologist removed the cyst and stitched me up just fine. After about a week after surgery I had my stitches removed and AHHHH I was completely embarrassed because scar tissue surrounded the incision mark and was noticeably raised from my face. When I say noticeably I mean the scar tissue looked like I had formed another cyst. So I tried Mederma for about a week with no success of lessening the scar tissue or any noticeable affects really. Then I tried Neosporin Scar Solution sheets overnight one night - and I was very skeptical of a sheet doing any sort of healing. But to my surprise, I woke up the next morning and my scar tissue was down drastically. It probably shrunk a quarter of the size to half the size and the color began to look normal with the rest of my skin.It's been about a week now since I've been using the sheets at night (for about 8-12 hours a night) and I can honestly say that my scar is healing to the point where people never knew I had surgery, let a lone a cyst, at all. The scar is still there, don't get me wrong, but the scar tissue is nearly flat (which was my main concern)... and it's only been a week.Now keep in mind that this is a new scar and it was not very large. I'm sure with older scars and larger scars that the amount of sheet wearing time would be much longer to see any significant improvements (as mentioned on the box).As far as the sheets sticking, which seems to be people's major drawback so far with these sheets, I can't really comment too much given that I have been changing out my sheet on my face nightly. The sheet definitely sticks on my face the entire night, even while I sleep, without falling off. But I'm only using a small portion of each sheet to cover my scar so the results may be different if you are using a whole sheet and wearing it for a longer period of time.All in all, I can't believe this product works. But it does work. Be patient.  