review/text: I mistakenly bought this item thinking it was whole psyllium husk. Even though if I knew it was powder, I didnt think there was a difference between the two. they're both psyllium husks no matter what, right? Nope, not for me. I HATE the powdered version.The whole version works beautifully for me: i take 2.5 T every 2 days or so while being active and watching my diet (rarely any red meat, lots veggies, clean eating). Sometimes I even skip one week of not taking my husk. The whole version mixes nicely with pulpless OJ....i feel it makes the OJ have some pulp and it doesnt coagulate so quickly. Mr poop always come in a timely fashion too and looks lovely. Yes, I get very minor bloated, but that's expected with anything fiberous.Enter powdered psullium husk. I mixed 2 T into my glass of OJ and almost choked. Good thing I had a gallon of water beside me. This pretty much just floats on the top even if mixed it in any liquid and I can feel the 'thickness of it" in my throat. I wont say it's like drinking jello, but you know you are taking something quite thick as you begin the swallowing mechanism. Mixing it in OJ or water gives you a 'sand floating in water" look in your glass. Yea, terrible. It doesnt dissolve at all nor attempts to even when i stir it vigoursly for several seconds. i literally taste sand. At least with the whole husk, it looks like fine "OJ" pulp and does down nicely and doesnt taste as sandy. Not only just this horrible choking incident made me hate this product:My belly was so bloated with this for some reason with the 2T dosing.Also mr poop is another problem as well (ugly and unpredictable timing).Needless to say, I was and am very unhappy. I still use the product cause I am trying to finish this horrible product. I spend almost $15 for the 24 oz and hate to waste money throwing it out. I take 1 heaping Tablespoon daily and always have extra water nearby. Taking this is a true chore compared to taking the whole husk. My belly isnt as bloated with the 1T but my BM isnt in full 'ideal' functioning status as whole husk gave me. :(maybe for you, the powdered husk will impose no problems. I suggest buying a small amount and seeing which one you prefer. I am few minority that prefers the whole husk as I have seen in a couple reviews here in amazon. Anyway, strange situation...really strange. hopefully your outcome wont be like mine.  