review/text: I thought I'd give these a try after the last time I ran out of the Cascade that I usually use. I had noticed that my sister was using these and I figured if they worked then I wouldn't have to keep getting the Jet Dry too. To try them out I just got the 20 count box and I'm glad that's all I wasted my money on!Now, I have one of the top of the line Sears Kenmore dishwashers that's only 6 years old. When I got it it was the second most expensive one or the third, I cant remember for sure now, but any who, it was over $500. So any who, what I'm trying to say is that my dishwasher ain't no old cheap underpowered thing that you have to wash the dishes before you put them in it. It has worked well with the Cascade Gel, a generic Orange scented Gel, and a couple of others that I cant remember. Being a bachelor and living alone I only run it about once a week at most and some times two weeks since the last time. Depends on how often I just use the paper plates. Any who, I thought with this being basically a powder pressed into a block once its broke down it would act like a slightly abrasive spray sorta like a liquid sandblaster to help get the dishes clean. But actually it doesn't really do much of anything.My usual routine is to run a quick rinse after I load the dishwasher then check to make sure everything staid put and nothing got moved around, turned up so it will hold water, or got down and blocked one of the arms. After running a wash cycle with one of these Finish Powerball Tabs I couldn't tell if I had ran the wash cycle or had only run the quick rinse cycle. And that was with a pretty small load of mostly bowls and glass's. With a greasy frying pan and a glass baking dish I used for one of those box cheesy potato's things and running it on the heavy duty pots and pans cycle it didn't even come close to getting the frying pan or the square glass baking dish clean. Even though the frying pan even has the no stick coating, and its a good one too! Not one of those thin aluminum cheap ones that looses all the coating after the first few times its used and you throw it away within the first year. Any who, its one of the really good no stick frying pans that I've had for about ten years. It looked like it had only gone through a quick rinse and not the longest strongest cycle the dishwasher has. Honestly, the only time that these Finish Poweball Tabs work, is if I also use some other dishwasher detergent with them. I've been using this cheap stuff from WalMart in a orange jug called SUN Automatic Dishwashing Gel with Citrus scent. My dishes now come out nice and clean like they are supposed to! So I just pretend that its adding the Finish Poweball Tabs to the cheap Gel that's getting the job done and not the other way around because I really know that it doesn't make any difference if I use the Finish Powerball tabs with the cheap gel stuff or not. But at least I'm using them up and I guess its better than just throwing them away. Or I guess I could just give them to my sister. She has one of those 30 year old dishwashers that she has to wash the dishes before she puts them in it. Maybe that's why she cant tell they don't really do anything? Any who, I can tell you one thing for sure, I'm never going to waist any more of my money them again!  