review/text: Many decades ago in the USA streetcar tracks were ripped out in cities all across the country and replaced with buses. And it was called "progress." What actually happened in these cities was that the public officials were bribed, excuse me, enticed, by the manufacturers of buses, tires and producers of gasoline to scrap all street cars and trollies and enter the 20th century. The product that replaced the street car was actually inferior. Same for the DE razor: manufacturers discovered they could make more money with an inferior product but call it "progress."The first time I used my Merkur Classic was on my chest (my wife likes it smooth) and as it isn't particularly hairy it wasn't much of a challenge. Holding the razor lightly I only nicked myself twice around the collar bone. My second shave was on my chest as well - didn't have any nicks that time but applied too much pressure and had serious razor burn.The third shave was on my face and I rate that shave "fair" with no nicks. The 4th shave was "good" but nicked myself badly working a patch of hair on my neck that I just couldn't get close enough. What made the 4th shave "good" was that I relaxed and trusted myself, actually closing my eyes and going by feel like I do with other shaving implements. The 5th shave was "very good" with no nicks and not much mirror time as I was in the zone. The only problem I have now isn't with the Merkur or the blade but simply discovering the best was to get those 2-3 places on my neck and jaw line that aren't easily shaved.Update: I got my first "excellent" shave with this razor the other day. By "excellent" I mean superior to any 4 blade contraption or the latest from Braun or Norelco. It wasn't bloodless however and it wasn't quick. Today (I don't shave everyday) I got "excellent" shave #2 with much less blood in about the same amount of time. Also, I am using the mirror less and less, instead relying on touch/feel and intuition.When I am satisfied I have gotten the ins and outs of this razor down pat I may upgrade to a Merkur Futur.Another update: I am continuing to get "excellent" shaves (better than I could from any other shaving modality I have used) and can now do it bloodless! However, I would not recommend this product to everyone ... my brother for example, or anyone else who just couldn't be bothered to take the time to gain skill at using it.  