review/text: I like this product.I bought the DigiPower DPS-3000+ back in early 2005 when my kids bought me a Canon A95 point and shoot camera. The A95 eats AA, 4 at a time. I have 7 sets of 4 each to feed the A95 and the mess of things I have that love my 20+ AA and a dozen or so of AAA rechargeables. The DPS-3000 worked the first time and every time I have asked it. I have had some batteries die during this time, but the DPS-3000 made finding the bad one easily by the behavior of the LEDs. The included DigiPower batteries were joined early on by three more sets of 4 and all have performed well. I also have several sets of higher rated Duracell 2650mAh batteries which work better in high demand photo flash units. Most of the AAA batteries are Duracell 1000 mAh rated units. There are other batteries with different ratings in my battery bags, and they all seem happy in this charger. [In case you don't know, mAh is a rating of how much electricity can be stored in the battery when fully charged and available to power stuff. The bigger the number, the more power the battery can deliver.]This brings me to the answer of one of the big questions I had when I bought this DPS-3000: Can you use batteries other than the included ones?? YES! As I have noted, several brands, several ratings can be used with this charger. Now, I think you must always use batteries of the same brand and rating together at all the time. You have seen a thousand warnings about keeping alkaline batteries together. The first thing I do when i buy some batteries is label them with a letter for the set, and then number each of the batteries. This lets me keep the sets together when I use them and when I charge them. I think this is a part of my success. And it helps to spot a weak battery or set of batteries.Comments on other reviews--This product has been around a long time and over 50 reviews. The reviews tend to be love or hate, and the ratings show this clumping about high rating or poor ratings. It is hard to say if this is because of the owners use habits with the unit, or with the units themselves (obviously some were dead on arrival and never worked...) But note the positive words about customer support (I have had no need to contact DigiPower's customer service) indicates it is good or even great. Its hard to figure out the splitting of ratings. I certainly do not have doubts about DigiPower product quality, even with the failure of some units. It seems they are dead on arrival or excellent.Some nice features I liked: both house (115v) and automobile (12v) power adapters with long plug wires are provided as are four powerful batteries- not the highest rated, but better than most and very serviceable. The unit is small, just larger than 4 AA's side by side. It is simple to operate: First disconnect power by unplugging the power wire into the unit. Set the switch for either 2 or 4 cells. It will do 2 AA or 2 AAA when the selector is on "2" and 4 AA when the selector is on 4. It will not charge 4 AAA at once. The batteries go in just by laying them in the tray that has clearly marked holders. Check that number of cells switch again, and plug in the power. A red LED comes on if all is right. After a while, the green LED comes on, and the batteries are ready to go make music, photos, lights, or whatever. Unplug the power, and pop the batteries out. Very intuitive, and obvious. From my experience the unit gets warm, the batteries get warm, but neither get hot. Small size puts it in the end zipper compartment on my camera bag.I like it, it works every time. Convenient. Versatile. What more could I ask for? A way to charge 3 batteries at the same time. Since 3 cells produce current at a voltage that is nice to electronic stuff, I seem to be forever using 3 battery at a time, Otherwise, its as good as it can be.I'll buy another when needed.  