review/text: I bought a four pack of this at a local grocery store. While the flavor is somewhat lackluster, this product provides a good energy boost. I didn't find the energy boost to be uncomfortable and would consider purchasing this again. Here are my perceptions:Taste: The Sparkling Orange flavor is not overly intense or sweet. I found the product to taste better when chilled. It is not heavy in its consistency so I found it easy to drink. I thought the orange flavor could have been a bit more pronounced.Energy: Ask yourself how frequently you consume energy drinks. When I needed to get through exams during graduate school, the only product that worked was Spike Shooter (300 mg of caffeine per 8.4 oz). The energy was intense and the side effects not desirable. Sufficiently distanced from my school days, I now get my caffeine from tea (maybe 40 mg per cup) and the occasional diet cola (45 - 75 mg per 12 oz). Celsius has 200 mg per 12 oz serving. Suffice to say, the Celsius provides a lot more kick than tea or diet cola.Side Effects: As noted above, I've used Spike Shooter and that is loaded with caffeine (as well as other stimulants). After drinking a Spike Shooter, my heart would race, my body would sweat, and I could not fall asleep for at least fourteen hours after drinking one small can. It was a wicked, yet effective, product for what I needed it for. Celsius is not so intense. I casually sipped a can over an hour and I felt awake and ready to accomplish the tasks I had remaining for the day. I didn't have any undesirable side effects like sweating. I also didn't have problems falling to sleep 8 hours after I'd consumed it.I would only recommend this product to individuals that have consumed beverages with caffeine previously. There are other beverages with less caffeine that may be more tolerable for some. Diet Turbo Lemonade and Punch (18 oz) has 90 mg of caffeine, VitaRain Energy Enhanced Water (20 oz) has 120 mg, and Go Girl Lemon Drop (11.5 oz) has 100 mg of caffeine.This product is manufactured in the United States.  