review/text: I have been happily taking this multi-vitamin and mineral supplement because it gave me the energy boost that I badly needed.To be honest, I purchased this product because of the positive reviews and never paid attention to the Daily Value (DV) of its content once I received it.Shame on me for not reading the label because it clearly shows the Daily Values are well over the Recommended Daily Allowance. I have been aware of the dangers of overdosing on some vitamins but without knowing the consequences. Research revealed some very important facts.Let me show you a couple of examples.Vitamin A: A Harvard study of 70,000 postmenopausal nurses found that those who consumed the most vitamin A (equal to at least 6,600 international units, or IUs) from foods and/or supplements over an 18-year period had nearly double the risk of fractures compared with those consuming the least. A Swedish study had similar findings.The Recommended Daily Allowance (RDA) used to be 5,000 IUs but has been changed to 2,333 IUs for women and 3,000 IUs for men. This supplement contains 10,000 IUs. Nature's Plus is operating on the old RDA of 5,000 IUs; 10,000 IUs actually represents 428% of RDA for women and 333% for men as opposed to the 200% indicated on their label, and that assumes a person is not consuming any Vitamin A through diet. This is a large overdose. I already have osteopenia which is the pre-cursor to osteoporosis. I'm inviting bone fractures with open arms when taking this supplement.Iron: According to the Harvard School of Public Health, iron supplements are not recommended for men or postmenopausal women, unless there is a specific diagnosis of iron deficiency (often found in vegetarians).11 of the vitamins and minerals in this product are over the Recommended Daily Allowance.5 of the vitamins and minerals are at 100% the RDA and this does not take into account any intake through food.From unbiased research, my conclusion is that the large overdose of Vitamin A and the supplemental Iron are harmful. I have stopped taking this product.  