review/text: With both of my parents having had heel spurs, I was a ticking time bomb. It exploded this fall when, out of desperation, I took on a crappy office job at Sears.I thought I had all the bases covered....a brand new pair of Propet, flat dress shoes with a "2,000 mile" warranty and then BAM! My first heel pain EVER, within two weeks of taking the crappy job.Anyone with this problem understands you want INSTANT relief. If you're on your feet (and trust me at Sears, as with any retailer, you WILL BE, even in an office setting), you're in for a world of pain without the right product for your heel.I'm a size 8 1/2 and decided to try the men's version because most products made for women look more like some form of foot binding than they do suitable for an American woman's foot.I first bought a pair of Dr. Scholl's Heel Pain Relief Orthotics and they help immediately. But I had been impressed by all the comments about Tuli's so I felt as though I could improve upon the level of comfort I obtained from the Dr. Scholl's.So I bought Tuli's Heavy Duty Heel cups since they were the only product available locally.....they were okay, but were too floppy and high cut for my needs. They also slipped around in my shoes. I'd say these are better suited for a boot.Then I bought a pair of these highly touted Gel Polar Bear's, thinking this would be, as they say: "the bomb". It was that alright, only not in today's popular vernacular!!!My suggestion to anyone thinking to buy ANY foot relief product is to try them on a day off. Don't do what I did and slip them in your shoes right before another long day at work.Doing it made my feet hurt so badly that by the end of the day I could barely walk to my car. Hobbling would be an understatement...if I could have walked "on pointe" to my car, I would have. These things are too flimsy feeling for me. The only shock they absorbed was that of my wallet.In my case, I've come to the conclusion the only thing these heel cups are worth is for throwing in the dumpster. However, in an effort to save the landfills, I gave them to my sister, who is anatomically different in nearly all ways. She has years of retail experience and has stood on her feet for all of them and knows foot pain like a clergy member knows the Bible. Oddly enough, she showed me a similar looking Dr. Scholl's product which she's using regularly. I only hope after trying these, she passes them along to someone else and doesn't end up throwing them out with the garbage out of frustration. But if she does, I won't be surprised.My advice is buy something locally first. You can buy a decent pair of lesser priced Dr. Scholl's at K-mart or Walmart and skip the shipping charges. If you find the firmer Dr. Scholl's not to be the answer to your problem as I did, then and only then, go out of your way and wallet to try a pair of these.  