review/text: Most people know that while CPR can keep life-giving blood and oxygen circulating after a heart attack, it cannot restart a victim's heart. An AED, on the other hand, frequently can. I've worked security at a football stadium for 20 years where we average at a little more than one and a half heart attacks per game. When trained medical staff arrive in time the odds of survival are extremely high. If they are not readily available (like in your home) bad things can happen. With the HeartStart, advanced live-saving equipment is close at hand. Fortunately I've never had to use one of these in real-life but I have taken several classes with them (most CPR courses now include AED). I have seen it used on the job and also know two people whose lives were saved in their homes by this device.The really cool thing about this particular model is that a clear, calm voice provides step-by-step instructions for you to follow. It will even coach you through the steps of CPR. It's extremely well designed; nearly idiot proof because it senses and adapts the instructions based on your actions. It uses sophisticated technology to quickly decide whether or not a shock is necessary and will only deliver a shock if needed. So long as you follow the directions, don't touch the victim when the shock is delivered, and don't try using the device in standing water you're good to go.The battery is supposed to last four years (mine is just over a year old so I'll just have to take their word on that one). This machine also performs comprehensive daily self-tests so that it is always ready if you need it. You can check its status at a glance. There is great technical support, including a step-by-step video available at the web site (though I do recommend taking the American Heart Association CPR/AED course regardless).Parting thoughts: according to the CDC, about 450,000 people die in the United States each year from sudden cardiac arrest. Coronary heart disease is the single most common cause of death in the United States. Sudden cardiac death is believed to account for half of all coronary heart disease deaths. Don't let your loved one's become one of these statistics.Although prices are coming down, these machines are fairly expensive. If you or a loved one has a heart condition or a genetic predisposition toward one you'll probably want to own an AED, especially if you live in a rural area where emergency medical personnel may take a while to arrive. I consider it an excellent investment in such cases. In many instances Medicare or private insurance will cover the cost of these devices so it's a good idea to inquire about that. It's also not a bad idea to check with your doctor to determine whether or not he/she thinks it is a prudent precaution to own an AED. If you're a business owner with employees and/or customers who may be susceptible to medical problems I sincerely believe that this is a must own device. It is a cost-effective way of not only saving lives but also staving off potential lawsuits.  