review/text: This stick with bristles on the end is the answer to all prayers. Now, if that statement is true... which, it, is... (hey, don't question if I have anything better to pray for, it's not my fault my life is nearly perfect and having a good brush to clean bottles with is my only worry), Than it is only logical to conclude that god himself sat with Buddha and Mohammed to create such an implement. One may ask, "What would three gods be doing together, and why would they make a bottle brush?" If you were just asking yourself this than you just need to relax. To be honest, I'm not sure of the bottle brush's design origins, but I can only assume that it took the power of multiple supreme beings to forge such a masterful tool.This brush addresses two major concerns I have with brush based cleaning tools:1. Usually the bristles are too stiff and do not lather up very well, and therefore it is tough to get all sudsy, like I prefer. This is the same problem I have with some Loofahs. When I am washing my super model wife I look for the supplest of loofah; these will aide in the creation of soapy slippery cleanliness. The same goes for when I am cleaning dishes or bottles, I really want to have lots of suds in there to ensure everything is getting clean. But let's be honest fellas... the woman should be doing all the cleaning anyway... and making all the sandwiches, so I am not exactly the master on kitchen crafts such as cleaning.2. Most bottle brushes are both too short and thick. Now, any woman can tell you that this is a sub optimal configuration. The shortness prevents me from being able to clean at the bottom of a tall water bottle, this brush, on the other hand, is nice and long. It allows me to reach all the way in... If you know what I'm saying ;). Also, typical brushes have a thick stem... now while I take pride in the thickness of some stems, I find that this attribute when applied to bottle brushes isn't very useful. The thinner stem allows you to penetrate even the smallest of water bottle spouts, and then once inside, it is pliable so it makes it easy to clean all the sides.This brush really is "dine o might"... If I weren't so busy performing charitable plastic surgery for the homeless, I would spend a lot more time cleaning bottles, because I enjoy using this product.  