review/text: My name is Jake, I have been diagnosed with many health issues,the high-lights would be Crohn's Disease, Pancreatitis, arthritis & fibromayalgia. With several other serious issues as well. The reason I state this is, because, before all of my diagnosis' I was an athlete with an AMAZING body & at 18 that is when my life changed with the first diagnosis, then my life swooned deeper into destruction because I did exactly what the Dr.s said. Then at 25 my mother told me to try this product line. It has changed my life! This product in particular does SO MANY positive things that i can not list them all. Some; Almost completely removed the fibromayalgia (over time) it has raised my body temp from 96 degrees back to normal. Removed almost all joint/bone/muscle pain. It gives me energy, it helps to drain my liver, it keeps me regular, :) it acts like an anti-inflammatory & it has helped my anxiety. And it does not taste as bad as people on here make it out to be. It is vegetables, its not sludge from droppings or something horrible, just veggies. I strongly recommend this product. I recommend almost everything from this company, AND they make LITERALLY the best Vitamin on the planet, it is FULLY absorbable to the body. It is called vitamin code. I WENT FROM MY DEATH BED TO NOW I HAVE 2 JOBS I WORK AS A WAITER & I WORK AS A MAINTENANCE MAN FOR A LOCAL MALL. AND NO ONE CAN TELL THAT THERE IS ANYTHING WRONG WITH ME!!! If that doesnt help people I dont know what will, please eat right, take care of your body, it can heal if you give it the right stuff. If you happen to suffer from Crohn's please take this product, the vitamin, and the product called Primal Defense. And frankly anything else you can afford from them. Thank you for reading my two cents. The vitamin is available in sevesral different ways, including pre-natal, Here are 2 examples:Garden of Life Vitamin Code Men's Multi-Vitamin Capsules, 120 CountGarden of Life Primal Defense Ultra Ultimate Probiotics Formula, 90 VCaps  