review/text: The current seller, Discount Jungle, is trying to charge $10.11 to ship this tiny item that weighs a pound or less! This is a TOTAL RIP-OFF in my opinion; one that boggles my mind! They must hope their customers are too stupid to notice the artificially inflated S&H; since they're saving so much on the item's retail price. Amazon needs to look into this matter and ditch them as a seller if they don't correct this blatant, money-grubbing nonsense!!!EDIT (06/02/06): I see my review last month has done what needed to be done. Amazon has replaced Discount Jungle with a new seller, Ace Digital Club, who are charging approximately $6 more than the previous seller's price of $28.95 for the same item. Whereas Discount Jungle wanted to rip me off with $10 S&H; for an item weighing less than a pound, Ace Digital is only charging $5.09 to ship it to me. However, the higher price point means they are NOT a better deal than Discount Jungle, LOL. Can't win for losing!There is absolutely NO POINT BUYING THIS ITEM THROUGH AMAZON if these two sellers are the "best" they have to offer. I can get it cheaper (after Ace's S&H; charge) by walking into any Walgreen's (or if buying online, they offer free shipping for orders over $50). What the hell? I thought buying things online from Amazon was supposed to be cheaper than retail? In the case of this item, it clearly is not.EDIT (6/16/06): Wow! I've done it again. Now Ace Digital is now gone as a seller. I hope Amazon finds a vendor who can actually sell this item at a reasonable discount even after S&H.; It'll save me a trip to Walgreen's, LOL.As to the product itself, I've had to replace the stupid foil twice on my Braun 8585 since I bought it fourteen months ago. The first foil broke within two months! The second foil has lasted almost a year. I thought these things were good for 18 months? Never had this problem with any other razor, but I do have a tough beard. Other than this, the 8585 has worked well, but the cost to maintain it with cleaning fluid and new foils is a bit exorbitant.  