review/text: I've read a few reviews of this product around here but none have actually managed to define this product. So here I am, explaining my first hand experience with this dietary supplement. Please note - this tastes great but if you're looking for taste, I suggest you go and eat a couple of Twix bars, not whey protein. Also, I will not be talking about proteins, isolates or any other technical term.I avoided taking supplements for a long time because I thought I didn't need them. Then upon being recommended this particular product by my gym instructor, I purchased it. It came at a steep price but now I have a permanent source so it'll be easier for me to obtain it.So I took this for forty five days during which I used to gym for about 5 days a week and took rests during the weekends.Pros- There was no immediate power surge. In fact, I felt more of an upside in my gym'ing temperament. I became more regular and serious about my workouts. When you pay extra, you consciously or unconsciously tend to focus more. I take this as an upside.- Towards the second week, it started working. My left arm bicep which lacked precise definition started to shape up. Also, now there is no noticeable difference between the size of my right and left bicep. The left seems to be well shaped and the egg is just placed at the right zone.- No side effects. None whatsoever. In fact, there are a few sexual upsides which you'll know about once you take it.- The taste is just right and there are no dirty burps after you finish taking. I take my whey with water because I have heard that milk has calcium which softens the body muscle. I use a fork to mix it in a glass containing an odd 400 ML of water. I mix for around 40 seconds. You can also use your mixer and freeze it as per your convenience but then, that's a bit too fancy for my liking, so choose wisely because you have to do this everyday.- You don't have to take it on Saturdays (or the day you don't work out on that day) Take this after your workout. The effect is maximized if you're regular at the gym.- Great Packaging. Difficult to duplicate.- I didn't lose weight but I gained some exceptional muscle in the 45 odd days I did take this supplement. They say one serving contains 24 grams of proteins. That's mighty and I realized that after using my first 2Lb box.However, I'm not one of those guys who workout to get a wrestler's physique. Maybe not even half of it. I'm an average height gym enthusiast who would like to be very ripped one day. I weight just about right but this particular whey tends to make you look pretty darn good without your tshirt.- I did notice an eventual increase in my stamina but then, I'm hardly ever "tired" before I'm working out. I workout in the evenings.To sum the pros up, it has great taste, seemed to work within a week and eventually managed to shape me up in a very short time. I wasn't badly built before but this toned my muscles up to an extent more universally acceptable.Whey Protein can also give you size besides toning you up. Increase the weight involved. It should be a gradual increase and you will see the result. However, I avoid doing this since I'd look extremely stocky if I try to grow my arms. For people looking to tone their arms, try working with lighter weights & more reps.THIS ALSO SMELLS GOOD, TASTES MIGHTY IF MIXED WITH MILK(once in a way unless you intend to do that permanently).Cons - Lack of instruction manual. No information as to where this is made.Overall, read the above twice and make your mind up. You can post any questions in form of comments. And no, I haven't used any other whey protein and I doubt I will. Just be regular and START with only a 2Lb box to see if it works for you, like it does for me.P.S - For you taste lovers, this is better than your cough inducing McDonalds shake. Avoid Vanilla. Strawberry,supposedly, tastes way better.  