review/text: This is the first vibrator/stimulator that I've ever bought, and I think it was a pretty good choice.Cons:1. The presentation of the bullet vibrator is pretty cheap; it looks and feels like it was made with gold-painted plastic, but I think as long as it works it's fine (I haven't been able to test durability, unfortunately, so I don't know how long this plastic body might last).2. The gelatinous sleeve that came with it came to me ripped already, so it only lasted one use which kind of sucks.3. The vibration is loud unless there's pressure acting on it. I don't know if this is natural to all vibrators, but I just thought it was strange. When left by itself to run under the sheets (in an attempt to muffle any noises it might make) I could hear a distinct buzzing. But when I pressed it onto my skin it got quieter, so I guess as long there's actual contact while it's on the noise level is okay.4. The fact that there is a cord on the bottom of it is kind of weird. Sometimes it'd get in the way or accidentally slip somewhere it shouldn't be. But I guess that can't be helped.Pros:1. It's really cute! The switch to change speeds is in the shape of a little heart. The light to show that it's on pulses with whatever speed you're on, which is like a little bonus visual stimulation or indicator.2. The speeds it has are pretty cool. It has two intensities, and variates pulses with the intensities. It's not currently with me, but if I remember correctly the 5 speeds are: weak/slow pulsing, strong/medium fast pulsing, strong/fast pulsing, weak vibration, and strong vibration. Personally since this is my first time using a vibrator, I still think that even the weakest vibration is too strong. Maybe I'm just not used to it though, or maybe vibrators just aren't for me.Other than that, I think this is a decent vibrator. I'm not sure if it's worth its price, since I only got a handful of chances to actually use it. But I'd say that if you're just experimenting around, it would be a good idea to get a bullet vibrator.  