review/text: I have IBS-D and I tried the Fiber35 Acacia Fiber by RenewLife. I checked with RenewLife and they use both the Senegal and Royal fibers. I felt that their fiber didn't do that well, so I tried this. With Heather's, which is pure Senegal and is the higher grade (do the research and you'll see it is the highest grade), I notice that I do not have gas, I do not have immediate needs to go to the bathroom, and this stuff really helps soothe my stomach and GI system. Also, the fiber really helps to keep my blood sugar levels lower so I have found I do not crave sweets as much when I use this.TIPS FROM ME:* I started out using Heather's Travel Packs to help build up my levels. One pack a day for the first week, then two packs per day, etc. The packs are the perfect size.* The fiber does seem to clump together whether it is hot or cold liquids. Here's a tip: Since it doesn't taste or affect flavor, I will sometimes pour a pack in some Almond Milk, do aquick stir, let it clump on top, and then spoon it like cereal. Heather recommends using soluble fiber on an empty stomach, so eating this first will help keep contractions stable.* Do not buy this product thinking it is a cure-all. As one reviewer noted, it is part of a solution, not THE solution. Increase your soluble fiber intake slowly, reducecaffeine/coffee/soda and sugar, as well.* If you have IBS-D, you may want to check out the Paleo lifestyle. I have been told by several people to remove gluten/wheat, dairy, and grains out of my diet. The Paleo lifestyle is basedupon the hunter-gatherer diet of our ancestors before the introduction of grains. Removing the grains and dairy will remove so many triggers out of a diet!I've been using the product for about a month now, and I have noticed I go to the bathroom less, my bowel movements are larger, and I don't have that "loose watery feeling" in my intestinal area. It's also really helped reduce nausea!!!!Good luck!12/23/2012 UPDATE:I have discontinued use of this product. I found that over time it really did not provide any regular benefit. The best thing I found was to modify my diet and eat more-Paleo style, reduce caffeine, grains, processed foods, and dairy.  