review/text: My goal for a sleep mask is to assist in catching 1-2 more hours of good sleep in the summer months when early morning light starts streaming in about 5 AM through a window in my bedroom that is nearly impossible to adequately drape without undo financial expense. Otherwise I am a relatively easy sleeper. I don't expect to wear the mask through the whole night -- just slip it on if I am sleeping lightly or not at all in those final hours. I am most interested if work-related issues cut my available sleep options down to only 4-5 hours and these are further hampered by summer light. Thus my experience may be different than those who routinely need a full 8-hour mask.I think that one of the most difficult issues in sleep masks is that having differently shaped faces is going to influence whether we are personlaly satisfied or disappointed -- particularly if the expectation is a total blackout of external light. Its hard to get something to fit well enough without being uncomfortable and intruding on sleep while still providing extreme "black out". Also, the longer we are exposed to low light, the more sensitive we will beocme to just a few stray photons.That said. This mask is decent for comfort as long as I am not in a side-lying position or resting against an airline window. If I am, then the edge of the foam rubs my eyelids, and I apparently leave them incompletely closed -- so I wake up with my eyes mildly irritated and dry. That's okay on an rare basis, but would not work nightly. The Mindfold still leaks a small amount of light even when I am seated or lying on my back "looking straight ahead" regardless how the strap is positioned in back, and regardless how loose or tight I make it. The leak is primarily around my nose and the lower outer portion of both visual fields.If I am sleeping and thus expect to have my eyes closed the leak is small enough that even in bright light it does not matter very greatly to me. If used for meditation with my eyes open then I do find this a bit distracting. I learned that the Mindfold seemed to perform better when light sources in the room were in front of me rather than on the side or behind me. Thus one can make some adaptations to make it work more successful. For persons who wear a mask for other purposes, such as simulated experiences of visual impairment, for holotropic breathwork sessions, or a migraine phase with photosensitivity in which complete blackout might not be unnecessary, I think this model could work very nicely.What I liked best about the Mindfold was the space they intentionally provided so that I can comfortably have my eyes open if desired. The retainer strap and general fit against my skin was also relatively comfortable under typical indoor climate conditions. The price was moderate. If 1/2 star rankings were permitted I would rank as 3 and 1/2. I didn't rate it as a four- star product because there was another mask with greater comfort during sleepRevolutionary, Patented SLEEP MASTER Sleep Maskand another one with better light blockingTempur-Pedic Sleep Maskfor my particular facial anatomy. However, the latter 2 items also cost substantially more, at least at the time of my purchase.Unfortunately, none of the masks I tried were completely satisfying for comfort and blackout, despite being on the higher end of the price range for this type of product. I suspect it is inevitable that no single mask will optimally fit both men and women across all levels of fitness and facial contours. Making more customer-specific masks may be possible, but these could then be harder to sell by mail when understandably there is a no-return-if-used policy due to hygeine policies.  