review/text: ON/OPTIMUM has done it again. They have managed to keep producing an outstanding Whey Protein. If you think it couldn't get any better then get your hands on some of their new stock (just look for the new label). I found that the whey grains are finer, its mixes better and it tastes even better. Plus they decided to give samples sachets of their new release products, like Vassive in some containers.The new look label is very neo. I really like how it looks. They have really boosted the whole deal considerably.Switch any bodybuilder's Whey Protein drink with some Optimum 100% Whey Protein and watch as he wants to put a barbell through your head for giving him a McDonald's shake. Once you have convinced him that it is indeed a Whey Protein supplement he will want to see the list of ingredients with the important protein to carbohydrates to fat ratios that will prove its fatty content... only to discover that Optimum 100% Whey Protein just beats all other Whey Protein into submission with its astonishing lack of fats and higher protein content. So automatically the bodybuilder assumes that the stuff is probably twice the price of other Whey Protein supplements with half the amount until you whip out the bottle that is twice the size of other Whey Protein supplements for the same price.The end result is simply - every single bodybuilder is switching to Optimum 100% Whey Protein. The only downside is finding out that it is not available and having to pay up for a Whey Protein supplement that gives you less and does not taste as good. Once you are supplementing with Optimum 100% Whey Protein it is difficult to swallow another brand. This stuff has revolutionized bodybuilding supplementation.Calories 130Calories From Fat 15Total Fat 1.5g 2%*Saturated Fat 1g 5%*Cholesterol 30mg 10%*Sodium 60mg 3%*Total Carbohydrate 4g 1%*Sugars 1gProtein 24g 48%*As an added note: I have tried a few flavors, and while I expected Chocolate to be the best I found that the new Banana flavor is really good and it has my vote. I recommend trying it out.  