review/text: It took me two weeks to finally learn how to properly shave with this razor. I am not going to go over the finer points of dividing your face into zones for different angles and hair growth patterns, keeping plenty of lather on your face, etc. You can get a book or read plenty of stuff on the internet. Just Google for "shaving with a safety razor". I will just say that my experience with this razor has been very, very positive once I somewhat mastered the technique.But if you are going to buy this, I recommend you also get these things:1. I recommend you get some good shaving cream. Shaving cream is a little easier to work into thick lather compared to shaving soap. I use Proraso, but there are plenty of other high quality shaving creams.2. A good shaving brush (Kingsley is the brand I bought, genuine badger hair for a reasonable amount of money). You can get cheaper brushes at CVS or Walmart, but they are not going to be near as soft as a quality badger hair brush.3. A box of at least 10 more spare blades. Each blade lasts me about 1 week. The razor will typically come with a Merkur "test" blade. So if you use that one to start with, I suggest you continue on for a while with the same brand. You don't want to be switching brands of blades too often -- blades are a little different. So get some Merkur spares for starters. If you choose a different brand, I suggest you don't put in the "test" blade and just start using the other brand from the get go.That's a bare minimum of what you will need. A few other things won't go amiss:1. A shaving stand is nice and pretty, and it keeps everything organized and allows your brush to dry well.2. A shaving bowl. Some people like to create lather in a bowl and then apply it to their beard. I like to create lather on my beard itself. But I still need a place to put my wet brush down, so a bowl works nicely. You can get a special shaving bowl, but a small ceramic cereal bowl or even a cup works just as well. Don't get anything metal. Metal transfers the heat too well... you don't want cold lather on your face, trust me.3. A good aftershave balm. I just use Nivea Sensitive, but I wouldn't mind having something with a more natural smell. A lot of people think Proraso balm is nice.4. A styptic pen (any major drugstore will have them). Yes, you *WILL* cut yourself the first few times, if you are switching from a "modern" razor. A styptic pen stops the bleeding -- instantly. Don't get scared, you will not cut your throat from ear to ear with a *safety* razor. But you will nick yourself here and there (Adam's Apple area, most likely).When I bought this razor I was torn between this one and Merkur 180 (same thing, but with a longer handle). I'm a big guy (6' 3", shoe size 14) and I typically have to get all my things slightly oversized. However, I do not regret going for the shorter handle. As much as you have to adjust for all the angles of your face, I think I would have struggled with the longer handle. Besides, you will want to hold this razor with two fingers anyway, on the very tip, so why get a longer handle? This is not a backhoe. It needs very little effort. If you have to force it, your blade is either dull, or you are doing something very, very wrong (like cutting at a very aggressive angle).  