review/text: This is a one-piece substitute for the classic beads that are strung together on a string, to be inserted and then removed at the "magic moment." Men or women can use them.The Tantus product is well-made, of "platinum" silicone (the highest grade). It stands 9" tall (8-1/2" insertable). The initial bead is about 3/4", while the remaining 5 beads are about 1". This diameter is not problematic for insertion -- it's a fairly tame size.This unit is very pliable and flexible, which is a good thing considering how far it must be inserted to engage all of the beads. In my view, it would be foolish to insert anything rigid that was this long. However, I found that even with the flexibility it became uncomfortable to insert the last bead because the tip seemed to be poking something inside. The flexibility also makes it a little tricky to get the thing started, because it wants to bend away from the target.There is enough difference between the bead diameter and the connecting shaft that you can feel the effects of the beads passing in or out, which is the whole point. Lubrication is, of course, essential. Fortunately, the silicone surface inherently resists everything, making this product easy to clean. That's a good thing, because by nature this can get messy.All in all it's kind of a good news/bad news situation. The good news is that this product is well-made and easy to care for, and is inherently far more capable of thorough cleaning than the traditional strung beads. The bad news is that the length (and required insertion depth) can cause discomfort, an issue that would not arise with traditional strung beads.Of course, this unit can be used at less than the full depth, and it still provides the effect (just with fewer beads). Many people find this effect stimulating, and it may be worthwhile to have something like this in your bag of tricks. My rating is based not on the product's quality, which is excellent, but on the good news/bad news tradeoff described above.  