review/text: My girlfriend needed a baby support for work and found this on amazon and thought it would suit her needs the best since she works as an ast. Manager in retail (I.e stocking/moving boxes/walking) not wanting to wait for shipping we looked all over Phoenix for this one or similar but could find nothing but the single sling/belt, most costing as much or more than this one! Not wanting to compromise we ordered this one and what a blessing! First off it arrived 3 days after ordering with standard ship and was as described new in packaging. It instantly stopped her back pain first day guaranteed (I asked) she eventually started wearing it most of the time even at home and said she never had any discomfort or irritation. One thing I should mention is she never wore it bare skin always with an undershirt. on the recommendation of another amazon review she bought the size bigger than we thought she needed and that was the right thing to do, it has a pretty good size range and adjustments which are exactly like bra clasps plus keep in mind that belly is only gonna grow;-) we had a baby girl (our 3rd) 3 days ago so she probably won't need it any more but that said we got it about 2 months before she was due and about a weak after her back began to hurt and it's still pretty much like new with heavy use so it seams well made and though she didn't get it dirty much it is machine washable. Now as far as being discreet...this is not, it does what it was designed for beautifully but hiding it and dressing sexy will be a challenge. Now my girlfriend liked it so much she eventually wore it proudly not caring to try and hide it and the questions and compliments rolled in so it does get possitive attention doctors and nurses were especially curious and she highly recommended it to them. My girl first borrowed a single strap support from her sister made by Bebe she said it "sort of" helped but is also why we went for this more serious looking support system and she is very pleased with it. For reference my girl normaly (not prego) is about 5'6 125lb with 36d cups not sure of her waist size though I think a 4 or something but the breast size is important because she plays hell finding bras with that size cup and a small frame this fit her great in medium!  