review/text: Concerns:In the 1 month that I've used the Cosco Traveler Rollator, the front wheels have fallen off on two occasions. It was impossible to get through to the company on its 800# After 32 mins. of elevator music, I gave up, and had someone else repair the wheels. The removable basket sits on the lip of the frame which causes frequent falling off, and it holds only 10lbs. The walker weighs approx. 18lbs and does not fold as compactly as the traditional walkers. The back wheels have a lever that brings the wheels in to meet up with the front wheels to fold, this is done while standing which takes up a wide portion of a car seat, and you have to allow for the height. All of the above has decreased the Cosco Traveler Rollator by 5 points.Now the 4.5 star points of the Cosco Traveler Rollator:It is not your traditional walker. It comes in great colors: grey, blue or geranium. It is easy to lift the seat up to different heights. The handles are easily adjustable. The brakes work very well. It holds up to 275lbs, and is very easy to propell. It's easy to use indoors or out. It fits easily inside doorways, and easy to use in department stores of little space. It gives the disabled a great looking easy to use vehicle of ambulatory assistance. It's a modern and useful product. It gets 4.5stars for the ease of use......Once the wheels are working properly. I love it!Nov. 06, 2007My walker began to lose nuts, bolts and pieces, and began to pull to the right. The wheels began to flap from side to side rather than roll. Target was notified and got me in touch with The DJG group (supplier). After signing a release of responsibility form, I was told that I would receive a replacement rollater. On Nov. 21st a 2nd call to DJG who advised they would call back. Nov. 22nd a third call was made to DJG and I was told that I'd receive another within 5-7 days. It is quite a hassel dealing with the supplier, but I am hoping that the rollater was just a defective model. I give the supplier only 2 stars. One is for answering the phone.God bless!  