review/text: I just love my new massage lounger. It is extremely comfortable, has not just an AUTO setting which massages you in all its settings, but also has numerous settings to massage just about any area you want. I am most happpy, in particular, with the rolling massage setting because of its therapeutic properties ~ just like getting a real massage, in the privacy of your own home ~ to use any time you want. Because I like my legs to be elevated, I simply put a pillow under the front frame to raise the chair to the height I want. I also put cushions on it so as to keep the lounger clean and away from my body oils and perspiration. No problem there, as you can still feel the massager work no matter how many pillows or cushions you use. It gives you a strong therapeutic massage. I do not, in anyway, feel it is noisy, as some have stated in their ratings. Padding and cushioning it does lower the massaging sound, but does not take away the massaging properties, so it is not a problem, at all to do this, and does add comfort, should you want it; however, the massage cushion is extremely thick, comfortable and cool just on its own. It is important to note that massaging, in itself, is a vibration action, just like music is, so there will, of course, be some sound. It is incredibly relaxing and of top quality, which I was very surprised, considering the cheap price. The only problem is that you are so relaxed that you will not want to leave the chair. My body feels like jello when I finally get up and then I know it is time to go to bed, as that is all I can do at that point. It also has a beautiful black, looks just like leather and well~padded cushion and headrest, with stunning looks like burl wood arm rests. You can remove the padded massager from the frame and put it on the floor or take it in the bed with you, should you wish too. Overall this massager is very attractive and an ABSOLUTELY FABULOUS DEAL FOR THE MONEY, WHICH CANNOT BE BEAT ANYWHERE!!!!! THANKS SO MUCH AMAZON FOR ANOTHER AMAZING DEAL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  