review/text: I had such a horrible time with razors basically eating up my face. I had been using the Mach 3 and Gillette 3 blade disposible (along with Edge Ultra-sensitive gel), but noticed more and more razor bumps. It got so bad, that I had to take the day off from work because I couldn't show my totally raw/cut/irritated face. Needless to say, my skin is sensitive.Well, I didn't shave for 2 days trying to baby my skin so it would recover. The next day, I had to shave so I had to make a decisionAs with most cases, when I need something answered, or need other people's opinions, I fired up the good ol' web browser. I started by researching electric razors since I heard they were easier on your face, but after reading the reviews, I couldn't see spending $150 for something that may not even help and probably wouldn't give me as close a shave.I had heard of the Fusion and it did sound interesting to me. The 5 blade feature didn't impress me as much as the fact that the blades are closer together. I figured if they're closer it wouldn't give my skin the chance to get between them and be sliced off - excuse my graphic language :) I looked up reviews on the Fusion and found some mention of it being good for sensitive skin. That did it for me, so off I went to buy a Fusion.When I got to the store, their were rows and rows of empty racks (I would guess at least 20 rows) where all the Fusions had been. Seems like they're very popular with the local crowd. Anyhow there was ONE left and I nabbed it.Got it home and immediately went in to shave.What a difference! No razor new razor bumps, and it didn't even irritate the old ones (from my Gillette disposables). No cuts, no irritation whatsoever! And it really gives you a smooth shave. Even my wife was impressed with my smooth face!So, moral to this story. If you have sensitive skin, and you want a really close shave with no irritation, get the Fusion. And yes I agree, the cartridges are pretty expensive, but to me my face is worth it.  