review/text: I've had the original StarMop for over 10 years when I first saw it at a home show. Recently, I bought a replacement pad for the two I had been using, which, over time, will lose it's original microfiber fluffiness. The pad I got recently to replace it is called the "mop pad" that they and other companies now sell. When I got it, the first I noticed was that the fiber was coarser, I thought that this was a supposed improvement on the original pad. After realizing that the pad was different and not better then the original, I went and checked out things on amazon.com. It seems that the original StarMop pad is now the "dust pad" and a new coarser fiber is the "mop pad."Having used both now, this is my opinion:While the original pad is harder to push around when it is damp, it cleans much, much better. The scrubbing power of the original pad feels and cleans like a million little fibers gripping and ripping stuff off the ground versus a thousand of the newer "mop pad". Like the previous reviewer said, it does become very grippy and hard to push when wet. What I did was fill a spray bottle with diluted Pinesol or whatever and spray an area to mop before moving on. The pad does not become saturated and therefore too grippy, but its scrubbing power is awesome. After Pinesol, I rinse and wring the pad out and do an once over to complete my cleaning. The Pinesol on the floor keeps the wet pad from gripping too much and I get even more stuff off the floor that I can see when I rinse and wring it out again.The new pad just does not have that same cleaning power. It takes much more scrubbing to remove, say, a sticky spot or a dried up something or other and I usually end up using my nail to scrape it loose. when I first used the original pad, was almost like magic, it really did live up to its advertisements.Using the mop as a daily floor sweeper is the other area that the "original" dust mop is great at. When dry, the fluffiness of the finer fibers create more static electricity to really collect a hold everything in its path. Afterwards I just vacuum the pad to clean it or just park it until I use it again. I can hold quite a bit of stuff without trailing it around when your sweeping. there is another dusting pad out there that has big white fluffiness around the pad. It is a b!tch to clean and not much else.i think there is no better product for hardwood floors than a mop with the finer microfibers such as this "dust pad". It works exceptionally well as a mop and sweeper and with a spray bottle filled with Pinesol or BakingSoda/Vinegar, you don't need anything else. Just get two to keep a rotation going of sweeper and mopper.  