review/text: In updating my experience with this Calcium/Magnesium Citrate powder, one must note that if you do have any form of inflamatory bowel disease, a little too much of this stuff [amount varies for the individual] will give you a very loose stool. While it is still best absorbed by people with Ulcerative Colitis and Crohns compared to other products, small doses are indicated, or else you will be staying very near the restroom. That having been said this is the best calcium/magnesium product and you get a half pound for just $6.00. On the other hand, people with chronic constipation get nothing but good from this product as it makes them very regular very fast.If you need Calcium and Magnesium Citrate powder, this "NOW" product is an excellent and reasonably priced choice. In addition to the obvious, it contains a reasonable dose of Vitamin D [100 IU per Tsp.] as well as Calcium and Magnesium in equal quantities, which is important for treating certain conditions and for general health. It even tastes O.K., like mild lemon juice [citrate]. We mix 1 teaspoon into citrus juice with powdered Brewer's Yeast and Astragalus twice per day.Of course if you really don't like the taste of this in any beverage or food, you can easily make your own capsules. Size "00", or "000" being the ideal as a therapeutic dose can be had with 1 or 2 capsules. One might ask, then why not just buy pills in the first place. The answer is simply this; why have the 3 needed nutrients adulterated with heat and fillers and in the process made less active and more difficult to assimilate?This "NOW" Product is one of the few that offers both minerals in Citrate form. Many brands that offer Calcium Citrate sneak in Magnesium Oxide which in therapeutic doses can cause Diarrhea and is less readily absorbed by the digestive system, especially in older people or anyone with Crohn's or Ulcerative Colitis.While we are still pleased with this product I no longer plan to continue using it having Crohns, though my wife is taking it and having excellent results [she's normal - I'm not]. I have found no acceptable alternative for myself but plan to make a hard target search in the literature.  