review/text: I tried liquid wart remover (usually 17% salicylic acid). I also tried those stick on things that are around 40% acid also with limited results. I tried the freeze off stuff, again, limited results. The first layer of skin would die off and even with repeated applications I just couldn't shake this darn wart. I even went to my HMO dermatologist and he used liquid nitro to freeze it off and it grew back. I guess it would have taken more visits and my HMO dermatologist seemed reluctant to do this advising me to use the home applications available such as the 40% salicylic acid pad from the drug store and cutting little dots of it to put on the wart. It didn't work as the dot would come off during the day (my hands are too busy I guess). I also tried the dots with a plastic cover that would keep out the moisture and help the acid adhesive dot stay on, but the adhesive from the cover irritated my skin and the wart still grew back...frustrating.I decided to try Wart Stick as it was 40% acid. If you just rub on a thin film and don't cover the wart after application it will not be effective, at least it wasn't for me. What I did was in the evening used a toothpick to dig out a bit of the stick and apply it somewhat thickly to the wart. I put a spot plastic bandage on it not pressing down on the glob of Wart Stick, but only on the adhesive to stick down the bandage. The glob will spread under the pad and some will also be absorbed by the pad, so put a fair amount. Realize that you will not be able to prevent some of the acid from spreading around the wart and onto some of the healthy skin next to the wart, but if this area too large decrease the amount applied. In the morning I took of the bandage and washed the remaining stick off the wart. I sealed the wart with some clear nail polish. In the evening I took a pin and carefully lifted off just the clear nail polish. The dead layer of skin came off with it. I let the skin dry and sanded the rest of the dead, dry skin and wart surface off with an nail file, sterilizing the nail file after use (we don't want to spread anything do we?). I repeated the Wart Stick application process and after several times it finally went. So far I can't say any of the wart methods I have tried are all that great. They all take some effort to get rid of the wart.I have also read and it was written on the insert for the freezing liquid I purchased over the counter that using duct tape may also work. You just cut a piece and wear it over your wart and eventually I guess it irritates or maybe suffocates the wart off. Worth a try and also an inexpensive alternative. Some also claim apple cider vinegar works (you can find videos on YouTube on how to use the vinegar for warts). Good luck.  