review/text: Cons: The smell, I would rate at an unpleasant but far from overwhelmingly bad. It was a little uncomfortable the first use due to the fact the area was highly irritated (so maybe not its fault).Off and on I have an incredible itch. I have used many, many products over the years, some of which helped for a period of time. The itch was REALLY bad, so I was checking the tracking constantly. Finally, it said delivered to backdoor, but strangely neither dog had mentioned it. I checked all over the house. Then I checked the neighbor's house. I then emailed UPS in hopes they could ask the driver who could tell me whose backdoor. Unfortunately, they refused, said go ask Amazon. I was so disappointed. I emailed Amazon. They never asked or said they will check it out, give us a few days. They just said they were really sorry and shipped at replacement!As soon as it arrived at MY backdoor I ripped it open and tried it. I did not particularly like the smell, but if it worked, who cared. I was mildly disappointed, because I had to use it 3 or 4 times that day. At first it didn't seem much different than anything else I used. The next day was about the same. Then I noticed I was kind of forgetting to use during the day, only on arising and before bed. There was no real itch in between which was good. I then realized the itching wasn't really bothering me in morning, so I skipped the application. I used it at night for the next couple of days with no itching during the day. Well seven or so days later, I was really tired by the time I went to bed and plumb forgot it. When I woke up I didn't think (it wasn't itching) and forgot to apply it and went about my day. Around dinnertime, I went 'Oh my God! A few potty words, this is unbelievable, I think. So, I kind of did a test, it has been about three days of non-use. There's been no blood from excessive scratching, no itching that I can remember. As soon as I feel mild itching I apply it once or twice and that generally does the trick.I am still amazed, when I hit the last tube I will most definitely be ordering more. The more you use the more you get use to the scent. I wouldn't say the scent is really all that bad, just way different than anything else I have ever used. Personally, I don't care because the stuff works for me and I am so glad I tried it.2/10/13: Update, I have also used it on a number of other itches, rashes, abscesses, etc. and have been amazed.I also would like to thank Amazon once again for their immediate and no hassle response. This is one of the reasons I always check here first for anything I need and usually order it.  