review/text: These Cross Century II 0.5mm mechanical pencils in classic black are a must have for me. Just received 1 as a gift to replace 1 I lost after several years of daily use.I started using a Cross Century pen and pencil set (0.9mm?) more than 20 years ago in gold-plated form (now called Classic Century). Found that the smooth metal slipped in my fingers, and switching to the powder-coated black finish solved that problem. The traditional-thickness lead pencil got occasional use since it was similar to writing with an always-dull wooden pencil. Then Cross came out with the thinner 0.5mm-lead pencil, and this suddenly became my go-to writing tool. As I got older, I found that the thin Century I design still took some squeezing to hold tightly and would hurt after holding for lengthy sessions. So I was very pleased with the wider Century II design, and have been using this ever since it was introduced.In case you aren't already aware of this, the 0.5mm lead size makes a big difference vs 0.9mm, 0.7mm, or wooden pencils. You may want to try out a cheap 0.5mm pencil first to see the difference yourself. It is like having a wooden pencil that is always sharp. No-brainer once you've made the switch. I have read that smaller-diameter (0.4mm - 0.2mm) pencils are being made now; haven't seen or tried these. However, I would imagine that these would be more fragile.If you have used plastic mechanical pencils, then you should be aware of their flexibility; the pencil and its lead-holding mechanisms bend when you press to write. And there may be higher tolerances, giving the lead a bit of room to move around. This leads to inaccuracy in where the pencil writes vs where you plan to. It also gives a mushy feel and can also be somewhat noisy as things flex and move. You may also find yourself pressing harder to compensate. These problems are gone in this quality pencil.Of course, the appearance of the Cross Century II is handsome, dressy, not gaudy. In a work environment, it can make a statement/impression of being neat, professional, organized, but not flashy or extravagant.I don't know the material of the shafts, but presume it is some kind of metal. This not only results in reduced flex, but also gives the pencil a nice heft and balance in the hand.The lead holding/advance mechanism is a twist-type; to advance the lead, hold the lower (tip) end still and give the upper (clip) end a twist clockwise about 1/2 turn and spring-return back. To retract the lead and its supporting sheath, twist the upper end counter-clockwise about 1/8 turn (has 1 detent/snap action), gently push them into the pencil, and twist back to normal. Same release twist to remove/replace leads.As the lead is advanced from its retracted position, a small supporting sheath extends with it. This prevents the lead from breaking, and it retracts as the lead shortens. It also holds the lead from moving or bending. In many mechanical pencils, this sheath is stationary. It is also thinner on this pencil than in others I have seen.To access the eraser, the top end pulls off (a press-fit arrangement). Lead can be advanced by pressing the eraser (can help when removing/replacing lead).Cross makes a cartridge with a dozen leads in it to make refilling easier; I don't think this model can use them and I have never messed with these; I just buy a container of loose leads and replace them by hand (Pentel brand). It's easy to carry a tube around or leave in a drawer. Can also get these in various hardnesses.Update: Ha, found the old one under my car seat.  