review/text: I have been suffering from GERD/IBS since I can remember, LITERALLY SINCE I CAN REMEMBER. I just turned 29, so I feel I'm too young to have had these issues, but whatever-I just got confirmation of it though back in May after a colonoscopy and endoscopy. The doctor prescribed an anti-emetic and an anti-spasmatic, but I couldn't get either, idk if it was insurance (or lack there of) or the fact I have a kidney disease to boot. So the GERD is a daily struggle, and the IBS flares up when stressed-I have lost weight needlessly without trying b/c for the last three weeks, I've been super sick thanks to my IBS. I finally googled 'help' for IBS and came across the fact FENNEL and PEPPERMINT OIL help sooth spastic colons and help IBS sufferers. I live in a very RURAL community, but I lucked out and was able to buy both fennel and peppermint oil capsules right here in my home town-PEPOGEST to be exact. I read on the internet and on the box of Pepogest that if you get heartburn to discontinue, which worried me b/c I can drink plain old water and get heartburn. I took it, and I did get a burning 'sensation' but it wasn't my typical heartburn, it was like a cool sensation burn, and I can tolerate it much better than regular heartburn. My burps taste like candycanes-I like it. Much better than the nasty indigestion burps that taste like the food you just ate plus some stomach acid. Anyways-I've been taking them almost a week, and I haven't had to take any heartburn medication, and my IBS has subsided immensely! I'm not one to write such lengthy reviews, but I had to get out there and let people know this stuff is legit. My husband (who doesn't have any gastro-intestinal issues like I do) is taking them b/c he loves the way my breath smells! 24/7 (even with morning breath) he thinks my breath is amazing and thinks the Pepogest is the next best thing since sliced bread. I've been taking both the fennel and Pepogest together, so maybe its both of them acting together. IDK. I was super worried the fennel would give me black licorice burps-totally not the case. SO, all in all, I would highly recommend this product. Before Pepogest, I was on two prescriptions for heartburn, and I haven't taken either since! I feel so free of prescriptions now, thanks to this! Get yourself some, and don't quit after the cooling burn, unless you're a huge sissy! ;)  