review/text: There is no other choice really when using the Philips Sonicare Elite handle.Coming from an Oral-B Triumph FlossAction brush head product, the Philips Sonicare E Series brush head is more gentle, yet more powerful in cleaning action thanks to the sonic technology.I didn't appreciate the fact that with Oral-B you had so many different kinds of brush heads specifically "marketed" for a specific use. More importantly, the high-end FlossAction brush head could not be used for people using all kinds of braces. I did write and inquire with Oral-B and they did confirm and pointed me to purchasing the Oral-B Ortho brush head. If I wanted to polish my teeth, why they just had one specifically called the "PowerPolisher". I mean, is this really necessary granted I see a dentist every 6 months and yet I have to buy into the hype.SONICARE E SERIES...So I instead bought into the Sonicare Elite brush which offers the standard or the compact head. That's it. Let the power of the sonic technology blast away dirt stuck on your tooth.The brush head is simple, yet powerful. You feel your teeth and gums squeaky clean. I then wrote Philips and they said it was safe to use with braces.Compared to Oral-B FlossAction, the brush handles the gums with more care and less sensitivity experienced. I can only wish I chose this brand sooner. I thought Oral-B would be a better brand, but it turns out to be only more expensive and less efficient in handling the brushing power.HOWEVER...I can't give it perfect stars for the following reasons:1. Philips Sonicare used to state to replace their brush heads every 6 months which makes it more economical and efficient. However, they have now revised this and instead cut the life span in half and imitated the others in suggesting 3 months of use between replacement.Perhaps they decided to double their profits, realized the user odor complaints from residue build-up or made their brush heads less efficient to facilitate faster replacement.2. Needs waterproofing which apparently does not exist between the handle and brush head up to the Sonicare Elite line. There silicone gasket does not properly seal water, toothpaste and saliva from entering into the screw base of the handle. If you don't regularly dismantle the brush head from the base handle then you will develop bacteria and gunk causing a foul odor.The only solution is to redesign this E Series brush head as well as create a watertight seal in between the screw in of the base. This may not come at all because Philips brought out their FlexCare toothbrush line which imitate into the design of the Oral-B power brushes by having a small metal rod stick out of the handle. No more screwing of the brush head to the handle means eliminating the chance of water going into the crevices.An alternative solution is to purchase a third-party silicone insert wrapping into the head. I don't buy into this because it doesn't eliminate the need to wash your toothbrush on a regular basis. And second, it doesn't guarantee that water, saliva and toothpaste will NOT enter in between the silicone wrap and brush head this time. So now you have double duty to clean in between the silicone.The best solution for me is to simply wash the brush head and base each and every time after brushing. It's a simple unscrewing action to wash away bacteria and let both air dry while disassembled. If you start with this method, you will find it a natural part of the routine.IN THE MEANTIME...Time will tell if Philips decides to improve this E Series line or totally eliminate it in place of the FlexCare line.Although the cost of the brush head is more than the cost of a manual toothbrush, you can't even begin to compare and imagine the efficiency of a power toothbrush let alone a sonic power toothbrush to help eliminate and whiten your teeth.If you haven't made the switch, I believe this is a good time to invest in a power model and especially the Sonicare Elite model for you and your family.  