review/text: My dentist recommended the Oral-B 9400, and I've put it though its oral hygiene paces the last year. It's more expensive than many other models with similar features, but the similarity extends only so far. We've seen a proliferation of electric toothbrushes at $25 and under, and one might wonder why more you get for your money here. I'll go over the highlights below, but suffice it to say that the 9400 works very well but is overpriced.Power. First, any rechargeable toothbrush is going to cost significantly more--somewhere in the $40-$50 range. If that's an important feature, you're already heading towards the Oral-B cost. Where this toothbrush really shines (no pun intended, I think) is its POWER. When fully charged, this baby's rotation leaves others far behind. While not as fast as a dentist's drill-toothbrush (and, really, I'm sorry to bring up that word), it resembles it more than others. The power enables the Braun to brush without slowing, even as you manually move it against your teeth.Motion. Personally, I don't notice any action other than the rotation. I Trust that there's 3-D oscillation, but I don't feel it (maybe that's good). I'm also skeptical about their claim to a "floss-like clean." Use floss instead.Features/Gimmicks.1. Speed. There are three speeds; I don't think I've ever used anything but the fastest, but perhaps those with some initial sensitivity would appreciate the medium speed. I don't know why one would use the slowest speed.2. Timing. The toothbrush is programmed to conceptualize brushing as a two minute endeavor, 30 seconds per each quadrant of your mouth (i.e., top left and right, bottom left and right). Accordingly the brush pauses briefly every 30 seconds, letting you know you've done your time, and then it's all ahead full for the next quadrant. At two minutes, there's a longer, easily perceived paused, at which point you can stop (and look at the electric face beaming at you from the handle) or keep going without having to turn it back on. I actually like the timer: Two minutes sometimes is longer than what my mind tells me, and I also spend as much time on the last section I brush as the first.3. Ease of use. This is a substantial electric toothbrush, but as long as you don't have muscle issues in your hand or wrist, that shouldn't be a problem. It's quite maneuverable and it has an excellent reach. The charge lasts two weeks or more, and I recharge overnight.4. Toothbrush Bristles. The toothbrush head contains an assortment of bristles, both softer and stiffer, and varying in length and angle. Supposedly these armaments help you tackle various oral scenarios such as food stuck between the teeth, massaging gum lines, reaching distal areas. Again, I don't think these are any substitute for flossing, but they do seem better than a conventional brush. The heads last around 3-4 months or so, and replacements are available, although at a absurdly high price. I;m still not sure how I'm supposed to know it's time for a new head, however.5. Noise. In normal use, the Braun is medium loud, you probably won't disturb anyone if you keep the door closed, but you may if you don't.At times, either toothpaste residue or a loose head seens to cause a high rattling sound; this just requires some cleaning or tightening.Cost: This model has just zoomed up in price aat Amazon.com since I bought it. I suggest you shop around and see what else is available (either this model at other stores, or other models), and whether the "extras" here are really worth it.One person's gimmick is another's brushing motivation, so it's a personal decision--although also one that should be made in consult with one's dentist. Overall, a powerful, effective, reliable, but costly toothbrush.  