review/text: A friend of mine and I used to joke about how it's like breathing in yogurt here in the south with the heat, humidity and allergens. We were fellow asthma sufferers. I had been on an inhaled corticosteroid (Asmanex) for five years, due to adult onset asthma. I'm grateful for Asmanex because it helped me to breathe and kept my lungs from being damaged. I tried several times to go off of it because you never know what side effects await you down the road. But to no avail. After a few days I would go back on it because I like breathing. My friend texted me one day and told me she wasn't breathing yogurt anymore because of NAC. So I decided to try it. I picked up the Jarrow NAC sustained release and started out with three a day. Then two, Then one. Now all I do is take one each morning as soon as I wake up and I have no problems breathing and I am off of Asmanex successfully. This supplement has been endorsed by both the traditional and the alternative medical communities. NAC is what they give you if you go into the ER with acetaminophen poisoning. Evidently it binds it and takes it out of your system. It is also supposed to boost your immune system and there are a host of other things that it does for you. For me, just being able to breathe without drugs is a beautiful thing. And btw, I can breathe better using NAC than I could on the inhaled corticosteroid. Even on Asmanex, I couldn't be in a room with cooking or burning grease. Now it doesn't bother me at all. And I never need a rescue inhaler. Humidity hasn't bothered me either. For some reason, Jarrow's sustained release works better for me than straight NAC. Don't know why, but I don't argue with results. I'm surprised that more pulmonologists and allergists don't know about this. I guess information takes time to circulate. Try NAC. It's probably the most significant supplement I have ever taken. There are no contraindications with medication (with the exception of Nitroglycerin), and the only side effect known is possible stomach upset. I have a pretty sensitive stomach and it hasn't affected me at all. There's a ton of research on NAC. In a major study, it even slowed the progression and severity of COPD in older adults. If you have any doubts, just research it online. It's very safe, and the results can be incredible. At least they were for me. You'll never know until you try it. It could change your life too. Note: "D. Corbo" (see comment on my review) offered some helpful info saying that it should not be taken if you are taking Nitroglycerin and he has also read recommendations to supplement NAC with Vit C (3000 mg Vit C for every 1000 mg) and perhaps consider supplementing a bit of minerals (zinc, copper, trace minerals). As with all health products whether they are drugs, supplements, or herbs, do your own research on legit medical or scientific websites before taking something. This review is meant to encourage you to research this as an option for treating issues concerning breathing.  