review/text: Value: For the price offered on Amazon, Optimum Gold Standard is hands-down the best choice out there. Now I know that there are other choices which offer more perks, however, almost 80 servings for around 40 dollars makes the choice so much easier. I've tried other options, such as Optimum's HydroWhey, however, I feel Gold Standard is a much better option for my money.Taste: The taste is delicious compared to other protein powders. Some may say that taste should not be a factor when deciding on a protein powder, however, I feel that a protein powder is of no use if you leave it sitting in your cupboard because the taste is unbearable. Gold Standard is delicious when mixed with simply mixed with water, and even better when mixed with a glass of skim milk. I've tried other proteins which were drinkable when mixed with milk, but were disgusting when mixed with water. This won't be a problem here as Gold Standard tastes great with both. The only difference is that the texture with milk will be much thicker (which I prefer) but to each his own.Performance: Gold Standard definitely helps much more with recovery in comparison to other proteins I have taken before. This is mostly due to the quality ingredients ON puts in their products. Just like how you would put premium fuel in a performance vehicle, putting good protein into your body after a workout is essential. Be sure to take an isolate source within 30 minutes after a workout in order to maximize gains at the gym.Overall: Optimum Gold Standard Whey has become one of the most important supplements I take for bodybuilding. I used to only take one scoop of protein on workout days, however, the great value and delicious taste of Gold Standard has allowed me to take protein when I wake up in the morning and in the evening (even on rest days to aid recovery). For those who are serious about bodybuilding, I would recommend stacking Gold Standard with a time-release source of protein before going to bed. Any form of casein protein would be excellent for feeding your muscles overnight. To anyone looking for a new protein powder, or anyone curious about how to supplement their hard work at the gym, Optimum Gold Standard is hands-down the way to go.  