review/text: We have purchased 3 inflatable snug-tubs from Kelgar. The infant size tub was fine, and still works okay after 2 years. However, the slightly larger toddler size tub has a slow leak. The first one we bought had a very slow leak; after 9 months it turned into a fast leak, so we bought another one, thinking we wouldn't be unlucky enough to get another defective one twice in a row.Wrong!!The second one arrived with a slow leak in the same place as the previous toddler size tub. At first it was so slow, it just meant we'd have to reinflate it once in a while; then you have to reinflate it more and more often until finally it won't last through one bathing without going limp. After the second flop, I decided to just send the leaky tub back to Kel-Gar and ask for a free replacement. They never responded to my friendly letter. When I finally called (took me a while to get around to it; I kept thinking that surely a replacement would be arriving any week now!), they were totally unhelpful.The woman who answered at "Customer Service" kept interrupting me to tell me that they do not accept returns, and any problems have to be taken up with the retailer. Way to stand behind your products, dudes!Then when I called the retalier (Right Start) just now, they said that it's not their responsibility to handle a replacement, it's the manufacturer's-- BUT at least this customer service person was polite and said she's ask her boss and look into it more, just to see if there is anything they can do.I'm really surprised that Kel-Gar cares so little about their image with the public and about providing pleasant and helpful service to their customers, especially repeat customers such as myself. I mean, come on, how hard is it to throw a piece of plastic that weights about 8 ounces in the mail to keep a customer happy??However, since that is their attitude, you're better off buying an inflatable tub from a real-life (non-virtual) retailer with a decent 90-day return policy, such as Babies-R-Us or Target, so that if a leak develops you can physically take it back and get a replacement. That's what we'll be doing from here on out.So long, Kel-Gar. The tub was "just ducky" but your service was DOA!Update: No go on the replacment. Big surprise. Although not quite as cushy as this tub, I would highly recommend getting your baby or toddler the PRIMO EuroBath instead. We got it after having to give up on inflatables, and it is roomy, comfortable, and DURABLE, unlike Kel-Gar's products. 4.5 stars with 750 reviews on Amazon- you can't beat that!PRIMO EuroBath Pearl White  