review/text: If you want an easy way to get serious and rapidly-absorbed amounts of this important amino acid into your frame, NOW's product can't be beaten. It's reasonably priced, supposedly pharmeceutical grade, and, in my experience, it works. I've been taking L-arginine for a couple of years and have had good results over time, with over-all improvements in vascularity, energy, recovery, etc., as mentioned elsewhere in these reviews. I also regularly use Optimum Nutrition's creatine monohydrate, BCAAs, and L-Glutamine products, and L-Arginine rounds out the bunch. L-Arginine in capsule form is waste of time and money, in my opinion, because of slow absorption. (I used to open up 5 or 6 caps and dump the contents into water or juice and drink it down - major inconvenience.) A couple of level teaspoons twice a day for me works very well. Both times I take on a empty stomach for better absorption. If I'm going to work out in the early a.m. and need to get jacked, I'll mix it with NO-Explode or with Gaspari's SuperPump 250 (the effect of this one-two combination on your body is intense, believe me). In fact the "buzz" (kind of a prickly feeling) from two teaspoons of L-Arginine alone that creeps up on you in about 20 - 30 minutes is very noticeable.Now for the downside: this product has a HIDEOUS "fishy" taste. Know that no matter what you mix this with, you cannot mask the taste - it's that powerful. (When you mix it with grape or some dark-red colored juice, the liquid turns an evil-looking, metallic green. Seriously.) Mixed with one of the Nitric Oxide supps (see above) the "flavor" is, shall we say, "challenging." I've settled into a routine of mixing it with Minute Maid pomegranate or Welch's grape juice, sometimes with creatine powder if it's in the a.m., and drinking it down without stopping. Then I *IMMEDIATELY* thoroughly brush my teeth because the taste coats your tongue and teeth and gums, and anything you eat or drink thereafter tastes awful. Particularly coffee. And God help you if you try to kiss anyone. That's why I'm giving this product 4 stars instead of 5.Taste issues aside, the benefits of L-Arginine as delivered in this product are, in my opinion, worth the money and the crappy taste. Therefore, I will continue to use this product as part of my overall training regimen.Addendum 09/06/2010 - After I wrote this review, I went back and re-examined how I was taking this supplement. I've stopped mixing it with juice and cut down my intake to once a day. Why? I've done more research on L-Arginine, and it seems glucose can interfere with absorption, and I'm not sure there's any real need for taking more than 2 teaspoons a day.  