review/text: Okay...I bought this item very excitedly after reading all the wonderful reviews. I have had it for about 2 months now and have found that it is not as fantastic as most of the reviews indicate.First of all...IT HURTS LIKE HELL THE FIRST TIME! I don't care what other people say about the pain being "bearable". They've GOT to be kidding me! Imagine getting your legs waxed for the first time but the waxer decides to be cute and pulls off the strip in slow motion. The pain is worse than this. And it took FOREVER the first time. I could not go slow because it hurt too freakin' much. So I had to keep going back over the spots that I missed. I was sweating like a crazy person by the time I finished about 45 minutes later (and that was just the bottom half of my legs). I did the top half the next day which hurt even worse, but I finished. I was not able to get all the hairs out no matter how hard I tried and my legs were not completely smooth but I thought that this was because it was the first time I used it. My legs looked like I had some incurable disease after the whole process and the disease lasted for about 36 hours.Okay...I gave it another week and a half and tried again. Still hurt, but not like hell. Again, I still did not have smooth legs afterwards. I was still willing to give it a try. I waited 2 more weeks to make sure all the hairs grew back in and I tried again. The hurt factor was lessening but still...no smooth legs. And it still took FOREVER.I took other reviewers advice and exfoliated before and after the process the next few times I used it and still...NO SMOOTH LEGS! I go very slow and try to get everything but it just does not seem possible to me.So, my advice is the following: if you are impatient, have a low tolerance for pain, or want completely smooth legs...this product is NOT for you. Furthermore, if you do decide to purchase it, do so in the winter to give your legs a chance to adjust because you should not count on wearing shorts for a few days after you use it for the first 2 times.I am still giving it a chance as I definitely see an improvement in the texture of the hair (it is much lighter and less noticeable when it grows back). In fact, noone will really notice that your legs aren't completely smooth unless they get as close to you as only your significant other would. I have been married for 5 years now and don't care if my legs aren't completely smooth to the touch and neither does my husband. That's good enough for me.I gave the product 3 stars because it takes too long and doesn't get all the hairs. I would have given it 3 1/2 but Amazon won't let me.Good luck!  