review/text: Ok, so I never write reviews about things but in this instance I am because of how pleased and impressed I am with this product. I'm not sure where I heard about this but now that I tried it I would never go back to any other protein product. I started lifting about a year ago and was trying very hard to gain weight and get enough protein. I found that by using this product after each lift and 1 to 2 other times during the day I was able to accomplish alot rather quickly. I gained weight and my lifts rose and the BCAAs in this helped make me less sore.Taste : 9/10 The taste of this protein is one of the best things about it. It is definitely one of the best I've tried and comes in some good flavors that you are bound to like. It tastes alot better with milk than with water but thats true with most proteins. This doesn't have the bland taste that most others do and theres lots to choose from. My favorites are the vanilla ice cream and the double rich chocolate which takes like milkshakes.Value: 8/10 The value is good, you get alot for a decent amount of money, although I know that there are other cheaper ones for the same amount of powder. But for the taste and effectiveness that you get with ON I would say its worth the money completely. It gets an 8 only because I know cheaper ones exist although I feel its worth every penny.Effectiveness: 10/10 I got incredible results from this protein. It did what it was supposed to. When you use this product as you should you will see results. Period. My weight went up without too much fat and although you can't get everything on powder alone, with a good diet and exercise you can get results. Its a simple way to get protein throughout the day and mixes well without clumps and you need much milk either to get it mixed.Overall I gave this 5 stars because of how it effected me and the results I found. I think its a great product thats not too expensive and does its job well. So I hope this review helped and I will continue buying this product. I just bought a tub today!  