review/text: I've had the Braun 8585 for several weeks now & I like overall. It shaves more quickly and with less effort that my previous Braun Integral. It is especially good at getting hairs that lay down. I used to have to use the trimmer for those, but not with this one. It also easily trims any long hair by pointing the foil head straight at them. However, I have had a couple of ingrown hairs too, something very rarely had with the Integral. If you are prone to those, I would go with other models.The shape of the razor is rounded slightly and smooth so I feel the grip is not very secure. I've never come close to dropping it though, so this may be just a reaction to the better feel of the Integral's flat surface with rubber bumps.The cleaner I think is fairly useless. It takes up space & since it's plugged in all the time, what is the point of having a battery powered shaver? It also makes the bathroom smell slightly of alcohol. It does do a good cleaning job, after a half hour of buzzing and stinking (slightly). However, you could do the same with a brush in seconds. I've noticed that as it changes its cleaning recommendations, it never goes backwards, even if you clean it by hand. So it is doing something to figure out the amount of clippings inside, but even if you remove them thoroughly it still tells you that it needs the same level of cleaning as it did right before you cleaned it. Thank goodness you can use the razor without this silly cleaning station.I got curious about how the foil does so much better than the more uniform lower-end Braun models. My son's 60 power Intel Play microscope did a great job answering this question. The Activator foil has some holes that are quite a bit larger, and some smaller than the Integral foil (I think that's the one used on most other Brauns). Also, the lines between the holes are much thinner.Overall, I would say if you do not have a problem with ingrown hairs, buy an Activator but save your money if they have a model out that does not include the cleaner. If you have a problem with ingrown hairs, buy a Braun without the Activator foil.  