review/text: Daily Shower Spray, Ylang-Ylang Formula, 28-Ounce Bottles (Pack of 8)My first experience with a daily shower spray came with the purchase of my house. The previous owner had a bottle of the original "Clean Shower" daily shower spray under the bathroom sink which obviously hadn't been used much. I didn't think much of it as I had been using a squeegee every morning to wipe the shower and shower door after I was done taking a shower. I had noticed a build up on the fixtures & shower walls and was looking for something to clean the shower with. That's when I came across the bottle of "Clean Shower" again so I decided to give it a try. One of things I liked was that it said it worked on well water which up in my area of Michigan has issues with iron bacteria & staining.The odor wasn't pleasant, but after 3 days of use I noticed that the streaks on the walls and fixtures was gone! My glass looked clean as well, so I was now convinced that this stuff wasn't a gimmick and actually worked! Great! So now I go to the internet to find out where I can get the half gallon refills mentioned on the bottle only to find out that "Clean Shower" doesn't exist anymore. I was finally able to figure out that it is now the Arm & Hammer product offering. The cost on the Arm & Hammer is a bit expensive and given the odor issue I started looking for something else to try.I landed on this product and read several reviews from several different sources and all rated this product fairly high and in their opinion an overall better product than the Arm & Hammer offering. That being the case, I ordered a case. When I got the box, which looked like it had been through a tumbling machine, 2 of the 8 had cracked sprayers with one of them smashed so bad I had to empty the contents into the old "Clean Shower" bottle in order to use it. I then gave two bottles away to friends to try on their showers just to see what they thought of it as well. Initial feedback indicated that they could see a noticeable difference in their showers, but thought the aroma of this product was a little overpowering at times (I tend to agree, although it does help keep your bathroom smelling fresh).I have been using it on my shower on a daily basis, but have not been very happy with it's effectiveness on glass. It does not dry clear on the glass and it leaves a film. I have now gone back to using the squeegee on the glass. As for the fixtures and walls, well, I'm not convinced this is the product that I'm going to stick with. While the Arm & Hammer product might be a bit more expensive, I think when I'm out of this stuff I'm going to order the Arm & Hammer and see if it still performs like the original. If it does, I'll stick with that.  