review/text: I read an article in a women's magazine (First for Women) how magnesium can help with many ailments and even weight loss since it supposedly helps regulate the stress hormone cortisol. I decided to try this product, since it is reasonably priced and magnesium citrate is considered a more absorbable type of magnesium as compared with magnesium oxide. I have only used it for a few nights in a row (1 1/2 tablets=300mg), but this morning I woke up and my lips and mouth tasted salty. I am curious as to how much sodium is in this product since a type of sodium is listed as one of the ingredients. My stomach is mildly upset and I had a loose bowel movement - looser than usual, anyways and I have very slight upper abdominal pain and discomfort. This product reminds me of the prep for my colonoscopy - not a pleasant thing to recall. The taste and feeling in my mouth and on my lips is similar. Magnesium citrate is used in the prep, so no wonder I am recalling the horrendous liquid prep that I could not after a while even keep in my stomach. I am going to reduce the dosage and see if it is beneficial at a lower dose. "First for Women" cites research that touts that magnesium helps with relieving menstrual pain, restless leg syndrome, monthly bloat, menstrual mood swings and that it helps to reduce the frequency of hot flashes. Supposedly it also reduces the risk of depression, heart disease, colorectal cancer (when taken with calcium) and type 2 diabetes. "Increased intake of this mineral has been shown to rev energy levels, sharpen brainpower and ward off a wide range of common concerns." Quite a laundry list! I can't speak for how it benefits with menstrual-related issues. For whatever reason, my menopausal night sweats were more pronounced last night than they usually are. I took 1 1/2 tablets of this supplement, 2 Benadryl tablets and fish oil capsules. The Benadryl and fish oil are my usual nighttime routine and they have been working well for me for the most part. Twice now I have also experienced mild tingling on the soles of my feet within the last two days since I started taking this supplement.This product contains croscamellose sodium - a very common additive that causes the product to pass through the stomach to the small intestine. I contacted Now Foods and received a prompt email response to my question about the sodium content of the supplement. I was told that it was negligible due to the addition of the croscamellose sodium.Update:Still not feeling great today. I actually felt (perhaps coincidentally) some muscle weakness and tingling in my calves and general gastrointestinal discomfort - mild pain and swelling in my abdomen. I experienced diarrhea again later in the evening even though I had taken the supplement the night before - again, perhaps unrelated. I think that I will reduce the dosage or consider taking this supplement every other day. Another recommendation would be to take this supplement in two doses during the day.In regards to the product itself, the tablets are fairly large, but very easy to break in two or they could easily be crushed. They are also relatively tasteless when swallowed with a glass of water. Since magnesium citrate is a fairly "efficient" type of magnesium, you may want to consider easing into taking this supplement. The recommended dose for women is 320mg per day. (in this case 1 1/2 tablets)More to follow....  