review/text: I first heard of eleuthero as being an herb that can relieve joint pain. A lifetime of athletics and skiing has left my knees in something of a less than ideal state. So, I found a product here at Amazon called Good Earth "Ginseng Green Tea" with eleuthero (aka Siberian Ginseng).The tea helped. Within a few days, I experienced a little less swelling in my knees, much less pain, and greater agility.Thereafter, I sought a stronger source of eleuthero, and let me tell you, they abound on the internet. However, I wanted eleuthero in veggie caps. I don't eat meat, and most pills are bound with gelatin or sold in gelatin capsules. Gelatin, like the product Jell-o, consists mostly of what's left of an animal below the knees. The butcher grinds that up, cooks it, and there you have it: Jell-o! Not for me.This vegetarian requirement simplified the hunt, while simultaneously upping the price tremendously.I eventually bought a bottle of Eleuthero Root from "gaia herbs" here at Amazon. The product seems to be a paste or a liquid that is contained inside veggie capsules. So far, so good. The "gaia herbs" product seems to work well, although it is certainly expensive.Thereafter, when I stumbled upon a supply of Solgar eleuthero at the Vitamin Shoppe here on Amazon for only ten dollars, I had to give it a go.With "gaia herbs" you can trace the source of the herb and its freshness by a product code on the label. The same is not true of Solgar herbs, but a little research on the internet told me that Solgar is a respected name among herb sellers and buyers.The Eleuthero Root from "gaia herbs" is packaged in a bottle of 60, and sells for about $20 per bottle (or about $17 if you subscribe through Amazon Prime). As two capsules are the recommended dosage (about 800 mg), this is a 30-day supply.Thus: With the product from "gaia herbs", we have a 30-day supply for $20, or about $.67 a day.The Solgar product is actually packaged in bottles of 100 (although the website claims 250), and in capsules of 510 mg, a dose that Solgar claims is the daily recommended dosage.Thus, the Solgar product constitutes a 100-day supply for around $11, eleven cents a day; or if you choose to double up, a 50-day supply at twenty-two cents a day.Further, the Solgar product is in powder form, enabling the consumer to open the capsule and pour the product directly into tea, juice, or a power drink (or a vodka gimlet, I suppose).Research into the value of eleuthero is limited, and while there is some indication that regular ingestion of eleuthero may produce a number of benefits, no one has demonstrated this other than anecdotally.I feel a benefit from the regular use of eleuthero, and I've been using it in one form or another for over a year now. Two months ago, I bought a mountain bike, and I am able to ride 20 miles a day now -- in fact, last night, I clocked 25 miles before heading home.I can tell you two things for certain:1. My knees feel better to me, and2. my knees have improved in strength and reduced pain during the period when I was taking a daily dose of eleuthero.What I cannot say for certain is that the improvement in my knees is because of the eleuthero. Nevertheless, I am not willing to discontinue its use.As to trying to distinguish between the quality of the two products that have been the subject of this review, I cannot. I take both of them alternately.I believe I am healthier from the regular use of eleuthero, but my beliefs cannot affect your life. Only your beliefs can do that.It all comes down to this: Placebo-wise or otherwise, if it feels good, do it.  