review/text: Ahh-h-h, this is not the subject of dinnertime conversation or lunchtime conversation with friends. But this is important stuff because if the intestines are in bad shape, you are also going to be in bad shape!!!Well, here is my story:I am 52 years old and eat very sensibly, organically grown fruits, vegetables, whole grains, little meat, etc and weigh only 150 lbs.Also, I try to practice good food combining and have done a lot of reading of literature on health.Unfortunately as we age, enzymes are not as prevalent and so food does not digest like it should. Guess where a lot of it ends up? It gets stuck to the lining of the intestines?How do I know? I have had sharp pains in my abdomen and went in to the doctor. They took an x-ray and saw all sorts of dark patches in the intestines and then prescribes "Miralax" an over the counter laxative. After reading what was in it, I decided not to take it but instead to try Flax seed and Psyllium dissolved in water. This scraping action provided some relief but did not really work.Next I tried colonics, this is flushing the intestines with water. Again, some relief but did not quite do it.Have also tried extended, multi-day fasting and yoga with some benefits but no long-term change. Also, exercise on a regular basis.Before I started taking Oxypowder, my feces were separated and loose. Also, I went once every 3-4 days.After taking this stuff for a week, for the next 2 weeks have so far noticed that my stools are solid and long and I go about once per day. This is great news as this is what it is supposed to be like. Also, I feel much more alert and less irritable. Have much more energy as well.I give this product the highest rating!!!!! This is the product that I have been looking for!! Also, I have no financial interest in the product, this is purely a scientific, unbiased report from a "seeker of good health". A little uncomfortable because of gas while taking but no sharp pains or compaction as has occurred when taking ground up flax or psyllium in the past. Overall, the only thing that really bothered me was kind of a queasy feeling due to all the gas and water, but this is how the product works and you have to respect the process.One thing I disagree with regarding the instructions area. Ideally, you would want to take this while fasting so that it does not act on the food in your intestines----OR----b. Take enzymes with your dinner so that your food is fully digested when you take the pills in the evening---AND---c. Maintenance does of X number of pills every other day in my opinion is not really needed if you are light like me. I think maintenance is needed when your feces shown up as broken into pieces instead of a long continuous piece.----OTHER INFO----d. Take enzymes with your meals if you think your food is not digesting well. This will help to avoid buildup in your intestines.e. Practice proper "Food Combining" principles. There are lots of books out there on this process. Your food won't digest properly if you have dessert with a meal for example. Why?? Sweets are digested in the small intestine, carbohydrates are digested initially in the stomach. Mix the 2 together and you have created a fermentation process that results in acid production, gas and food that is not digested. You end up with heartburn and the food builds up in your intestines.So if an underweight guy like me who is health conscious, gets a lot of exercise, has good dietary practices, etc. was having problems, I just wonder how many others out there who are heavier than me, have had poor dietary practices, etc are out there who need this stuff to cleanse themselves. If you are one of these people, give this product a try!!  