review/text: I recently updated from my very old Schick Silk Effects razor to their newest product, Schick Intuition, and overall, I have been pleased with the upgrade. At first, I was a bit skeptical about their claim that no shaving cream/gel would be necessary, especially since my skin tends to nick easily. However, once I wet the razor and began to shave my legs, I was completely amazed: the Intuition razor glided smoothly and evenly over my skin, no shaving gel needed! I could even shave potential trouble spots, such as my knees and outer ankles, with complete ease and totally nick-free. Although the razor is fairly large, it is so light and fits into the hand so nicely that it is very easy to use; it also comes with a nice suction cup hanger to affix to your shower wall. Finally, as an added bonus, after using the Intuition razor for just a few days, I noticed that my hair seemed to be growing back in more slowing, requiring me to simply touch up my legs rather than give them a full shave, which is a real time-saver.Unfortunately, this razor is not without some problems, many of which other reviewers have mentioned. First of all, the large size of the razor made it hard to maneuver around my bikini line area, and I also found that I did get quite a few nicks in this area. I've been unable to figure out exactly why this is--perhaps it has to do with upgrading from a double blade to a triple blade (and it definitely IS a triple blade, not a double as a previous reviewer suggested)?--but I've found that using just a bit of shaving gel in this area only was helpful. Secondly, the great coating around the blade does wear unevenly, with the bottom section getting used up much more quickly than the top. I found that the coating was at its best for about three weeks, could be used adequately for another week or two, but then required switching to a new cartridge, meaning that the coating wears out well before the razor itself does. Also, the replacement cartridges are fairly expensive--a pack of three costs about the same as I paid for a pack of six Silk Effects refills. A final issue is that this razor can ONLY be used in the shower, as both your legs and the razor itself must be wet in order for it to work effectively.Despite the above flaws, I have been pleased with the performance of this razor, and I think that the money I paid to upgrade was worth it. I would recommend this product with some reservations.  