review/text: Let me open this review by stating that my experience with these tweezers and a similar model (also described) is not typical of the tweezerman products I've bought and used in the past. Every other style of tweezer -- point end, slant end, body tweezer -- I've purchased from them in the past has worked perfectly well. In addition, their customer service is uniquely good. They'll sharpen your tweezers for free and even pay for return postage; you just have to pay the postage to Texas.The listed splinter tweezer is a different model from one I used to have. I bought the listed product as a replacement for that first tweezer; you can read about my experience with that first tweezer below. It's remarkably similar to the second. The tweezers I got were well-honed along the edges of the prongs. Instead of the ends tapering to a point, though, they were squared off blunt far enough up the prongs, that it made it impossible to do any sort of fine work under the skin. That they were too blunt to break the skin without serious clawing didn't especially matter, because they were also misaligned (I think that's the cause of the problem), and just cut off whatever hair I might be trying to tweeze, between those really well-honed edges.I don't dare use it for its stated purpose because it's liable to cut the ingrown hair or splinter in just the way that makes them burrow for bone like a tree root towards water. I tried using it to yank arm hairs, leg hairs, chest hairs, face hairs, even back hairs and the "bikini line" (too much information? too bad!) region to see if maybe a coarser strand might stand up to the so-called "tweezers".I found that if I could work them just so on a hair of sufficient girth, without applying too much pressure, that I could still yank it. Easier said than done. Maybe a handful actually popped out, out of a half-gross or so of hairs I tried to pop out (in the name of science, natch) after having developed the might-work light-touch-and-magic-incantation technique described above. I sent the tweezers back to Tweezerman for a free sharpening and $5 realignment to see if it would make any difference. It did -- now that the tweezers have been sharpened (at least the ends come to a point instead of being squared off), all it takes is the slightest contact between the two prongs to cause any hair on my body to go flying off. And it gets worse the closer to the point of the tweezers the hair is grabbed with. So it's gone from awkward to worthless and possibly dangerous. I finally threw them out.I had another set of ingrown hair/splinter tweezers from them that were practically razor sharp -- perfect for digging out recalcitrant hairs or splinters. It was magic even on prickly pear needles that are as thin as a fiber of fiberglass (and just as uncomfortable to get under your skin!).Then, after a couple of months of faithful use, they -- referring to another, almost identical tweezerman model -- started to get misaligned. I found this out in the process of digging out a particularly deep ingrown hair -- I was just about to pop it out when I squeezed it with the tweezers to yank it -- but instead of yanking it up over the skin, it cut it in half, even deeper than it was before. Now I'm going to have to find a dermatologist to get the thing out before it gets infected or painful without leaving a big scar. After that incident, the tweezers kept on snipping instead of grabbing whenever I used them (not for ingrown hairs unless the entire hair was visible, and then only to pop it out with that dig-under-with-one-fork-of-the-tweezer-and-pry-up trick). I sent it in to tweezerman with a note describing the problem in detail the problem and $5 for them to bend the thing back into shape if they could tell that's what was causing the trouble -- but it came back with my $5 check intact, a little sharper for the trouble. Now I'm the owner of a glorified hair trimmer. It's good for detail work, I guess.Since I started using Tweezerman tweezers I've never bought another brand of tweezer for any purpose. They've been durable and, except for all the splinter tweezers I've had, extremely well-aligned -- suitable not just for stray hairs but lab work too. Come to think of it, anyone who has to tweeze stuff in a lab -- to look at it under a microscope or with a loupe -- or anything else requiring the ability to pick up a precise object at a precise point, these would probably outperform the overpriced lab junk for sale so often from scientific supply stores.  