review/text: Oh people. You can just imagine the pressure I have felt over the years to endorse products. Being famous and exerting so much influence over masses of people all around the globe, your Metamorpho has become a sought after commodity by lobbyists and CEOs of pharmaceutical companies for years. I have tried to maintain my values and not give in to any promotion (except my own modest(!)self promotion). No. I do not want to be a sell-out and my high ethics dictate that I travel to the beat of a higher, spiritual drum. But now the cymbals have clashed, and, sorry to say, your Metamorpho needs money to pay the exorbitant taxes on his Scotish Castle (and to afford pet food for the Octopus and Dragon).So, I gave in to weakness and (after considerable fawning and free meals) I decided to endorse this product. One of the stipulations was that I actually try it and give a fair and balanced report just like Fox commentaries. The only difference here is that nobody cares about my politcal beliefs. Hell, even I don't care about them, so why should you?Anyway, I was pleasantly surprised on how good this works. After a nice hot shower, you use this and you feel invigorated, estatic, and fresh as a Daisey (whoever she was). Yes. And you feel great all the time as you meet the pressures of the day, like running from the paparazzi, or withstanding those hot lights on a photo shoot. And, that's not all! If you go out to play sports, rest assured you can still go home and not offend any member of your family (or friends, that is if you have any left since that other deodorant didn't work so well, did it?).It is a fine product. It works great and it's sure to improve your love life (as well as ward off those pesky scammers on Yahoo personals!). Only one caveat emptor regarding this product. Be sure that you don't get just plain deodorant but this one with antiperspirant. Heed my words! If you have overactive sweat glands and pores that resemble craters on the moon, regular deodorant just won't do the trick.This product relieves all your worry. It is the exorcist for underarms possessed by bacteria. So, feel free! Enjoy new confidence! Ride a packed subway with no fear! It's a new dawn people! And now you have one less worry. Now you must excuse me because I have to find that lobbyist and ask why this check bounced.The sweet smell of success --- Metamorpho ;)  