review/text: I've been using this patch for about three months now. I originally got it from CVS.com (sorry Amazon, that's where I saw it), and interestingly they don't seem to be selling it anymore. I have an underactive thyroid for which I take medication, but still it has been difficult for me to keep from gaining weight, never mind lose it (which I've been trying to do too). I am under 200 lbs, though, just for frame of reference. For the first two months the diet patch worked great, suppressing my appetite and eliminating waste. This works by using elements that stimulate the thyroid and I could see that it was working by my experience with my thyroid activity! However, I have become increasingly aware that difficulty in sleeping is part of increased thyroid activity and recently, I have been having horrid nightmares throughout the night, every night. It has gotten so bad that I am going to quit the patch for a while, even though I had ordered extra since I liked so much how much it was working. I can't be sure that the nightmares are because of the patch, but I am not eating or drinking before bed and am not under stress. I don't tend to have nightmares, and having an underactive thyroid, falling asleep has NEVER been a problem for me, even with my regular medication. I had checked with a doctor and asked pharmacists before using the diet patch and they said it should be okay. My blood pressure has remained stable and my skin was never irritated, which is really weird because I have EXTREMEMLY sensitive skin with psoraisis!! However, I just can't take the nightmares and will lay off for a while...I do plan to use this occasionally in the future, though, just not as much on a regular basis. It really did suppress my appetite. It helped eliminate waste great at first, but not so much later. And that gas (sorry to be gross but I want to give you the facts!) at first...well, it was worth it if it meant I might lose some weight! Since I've started dieting I've lost 18 lbs. but that was not all with this patch. I recommend the diet patch, but with reservations. I believe it does have side effects, in contrast to its marketing. Be careful and don't order a lot of it at once, even if it seems to be great even after two months. Because during that third month, things crept up on me! I am hoping to get some real sleep soon without waking up literally every hour with a nightmare!! I wonder if you can become "used to" this patch and it works differently after a time period...it seemed to work best for me around the 3-6 week period.  